tat lnseet in nomseye be ities teste ee cneenanel arene aged











1000 Questions

Moritz 1000 Questions. For the Entrance Exam-
inations to the New York High Schools, the
N. Y. Normal College, College of City of N Y.,
St. Francis Xavier College, West Point, An-
napolis, and the Civil Service. 30 cents.

Answers to same. 50 cents.

Recent Entrance Examination Questions. Yor
the New York Normal College, the College
of the City of New York, St. Francis Xavier’s
College, Columbia College, the High Schools,
Regents’ Examinations, West Point, Anna-
polis, and the Civil Service. 30 cents.

Answers tosame. 50 cents.

How to Prepare for a Civil Service E xamina-
tion, with recent Examination Questions and
the Answers. 560 pages. $2.00.

Craig’s Com. School Questions with Ans. $1.50.

Henry's High School Questions with Ans. $1.50.

Sherrill’s New Norm. Questionswith Ans. $1.50.

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers
4-5-6-12-13-14 Cooper Institute, New York City

Schoolbooks of all publishers at one store |

|

Sherrill’s
Dew Normal Question Book

Revised and Enlarged
512 Pages Pace $1.50

The chief purpose of the New Normal Question Book
is that of preparing teachers for examinations. The
questions are so arranged as to bring out the vital and
difficult points of each subject. New Questions and
Answers on Psychology and Pedagogy, also some Test
Problems in Arithmetic, have been added.

The Questions and Answers are by no means the a//-
important features of the book. The Appendix of Out-
lines on Map Drawing, Percentage, Analysis in Grammar,
Theory and Practice of Teaching, Topic Lists and hints
and suggestions on various other subjects. such as the
preparation of manuscripts and rules and regulations to
be observed during examinations, must prove a mine
of treasure to the teacher.

The book contains Questions and Answers on the fol-
lowing subjects:

Arithmetic Civil Government

Grammar English and American Literature
Reading Psychology and Pedagog gy
United States History Theory and Practice of eaching
Physiology Orthography

Physical Geography Test Problems

Mathematical Geography Penmanship

Political Geography Parliamentary Rules

In order that the New Normal Question Book may
find its way into the hands of every teacher and every
school, we offer these special Club rates for introduction:
Single copies, $1.50; two copies, $2.50; three copies,
$3.50; four copies, $4.25; six copies, $6.00. Transpor-
tation at our expense. Cash must accompany the order.

We want one good agent in every county in the United
States to sell these books. Write for our special terms to
agents. Mention this advertisement.

Nearly one hundred thousand copies have been sold
HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers

4-5-13-14 Cooper Institute - - New York City
School Books of All Publ.shers at One Sore

f

g

NEW COMMON SCHOOL

QUESTION BOOK

yy @

Ia

COMPRISING QUESTIONS AND ANSWER:
ON ALL COMMON SCHOOL STUDIES

BY

ASA~H.” CRAIG

ENLARGED EDITION FOR 1900

RE-WRITTEN THROUGHOUT — MANY BRANCHES ADDED

RE-SET FROM NEW TYPES, AND PRINTED FROM NEW PLATES

ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-NINTH THOUSAND

Copyright 1872, 1879, 1887, 6y Asa H. Craig
Copyright 1891 and 1893, by Arthur Hinds & Co.
Copyright 1899, by Hinds & Noble

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers of

Henry's High School Questions, $1.50
Sherrill’s New Normal Question Book, $1.50

4-5-6-12-13-14 COOPER INSTITUTE New YorK CIry
Schoolbooks of all publishers at one store

SCHOOL BOOKS

of all publishers, new and secend-hand. Send
for Catalogue.

DICTIONARIES

French, German, Latin, Greek, Italian, and
Spanish. Prices, $1.00 to $2.00.

EXAMINATION QUESTIONS WITH
ANSWERS

Recent College Entrance Examination Questions
with Answers (in press), $1.50. uestion
Book on Common School and High School
Subjects with Answers, $1.50. 1001 Questions
and Answers (JJ kinds), 50c. Recent Civil
Service Examination Questions with Answers,
$2.00. A Book Containing Original Valedictories,
See, Orations, Essays, Compositions, etcey

TRANSLATIONS 56766

Literal and Interlinear, 144 Volumes. Prices,
50 cents and $3.50.

HELPS FOR TEACHERS

Mistakes in Teaching—How to Correct Them,
by Miss Preston's Assistant, $1.00. Composition
Writing Made Easy, 75c. New Dialogues and
Plays, $1.50. A New Speller, 25c. Page’s
Theory and Practice of Teaching with Soaee
and Answers, 50c. German Texts with Vocabu-
laries, 50c. Completely Parsed Caesar, Book I.
(in press), $3.50. How to Become Quick at
Figures, $1.00. Gordy’s New Psychology, $3.25.
A Text Book on Letter Writing, 75c. How to
Punctuate Correctly, 25¢. A Book of Synonyms
and Antonyms, 50c. Debates (Both Sides of
Live Questions Fully Discussed), $1.50. A New
Speaker, $1.00. Teachers’ Class Register, 50c.

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers
Never too busy to answer questions
4-5-13-14 Cooper Institute New York City

Rev OF CONGR = ADE
eta 2 NOME \> o>,
a SECOND COPY,

PREPACE.

Question and Answer Books certainly serve two good
purposes. ‘They make it practicable for the teacher, who
is perhaps already overworked, to hold frequent reviews,
and they minimize at the outset that wholly mechanical
work of “sorting out’? questions which makes mere drudg-
ery of the preparation of review topics.

With carefully selected review questions and answers
ready to hand, there would seem to be no reason why the
teacher, however hard pressed for time, should not review
the classes as often as desired.

All educators agree that reviews should form an import-
ant, an oft-recurring part of the work of every school.
The pupil who is made to realize by repeated examinations
that he must fix his lessons not only for to-day’s recitation,
but also for to-morrow’s review, and next week’s, and next
month’s, is going to become habituated almost of necessity
to a more faithful application, a more determined con-
centration of mind —a habit which, once formed, is of

greater value even than knowledge itself.

WedororPor oe boobePeobeedoooeoeooe efor

eee

Craig's Revised Com-

. mon School Ques-
| Ci tion Book, with
Answers, price

$1.50.

Page’s Theory and

Practice of Teach-

| 9 ing, with Ques-

tions and An-

Cac Crs swers, ane.
Smith's New Class

“Register. The ie

best of record
books, price soc.

Gordy's New Psychol-
Ors ogy, with Ques-

tions on eu Les-

son, price, & Sr. 25.

ea Writing Made Easy. Five Gerace, viz. A,
D, E, 20c. each, _ All five for 75c.

Handy. Pieces to Speak. Primary, 20c., Intermediate,
2oc., Advanced, 20c. All three for soc.

A New Speller. 5,000 common words one should know

how to spell, price 25c.
Bad Sous Humiliating ‘‘ Breaks’ corrected, price

A New Book of Dialogues. (Adapted from popular
authors’ works.) Pry., Inter..and Adv. Price $r.50.

Commencement Parts. ’(Valedictories, Salutatories,
Orations, Essays.) Price $1.50

Pros and Cons. (Both sides ae live questions fully

discussed.) Price $1.50.
How to Punctuate Correctly. Price 25c.
How to Become Quick at Figures. Price $1.00.

We will send above books on approval to any
earnest teacher, If you wish to keep any of them
after examination remit the price—if not you may
return them to us.

We prefer to have you see the books before you
purchase them.

Kindly mention your official position when you
write us.

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers
School Books of All Publishers at One Store
4°5=13=14 Cooper Institute New York City

BVECEP EP PECEPCEPEPPET

Peder dorbe holed ood refesbdoddoefeebeds

era

COMLENTS:

Preface

Questions and Answers on United States History .
Questions and Answers on Geography .

Questions and Answers on Reading

Questions and Answers on English Grammar
Questions and Answers on Letter Writing

Questions and Answers on Orthography, Orthoépy
and Phonology

Questions and Answers on Written Arithmetic .

Questions and Answers on Theory and Practice of
Teaching

Questions and Answers on Bookkeeping
Questions and Answers on Drawing

Questions and Answers on Alcohol and Tobacco
Questions and Answers on Civil Government

Questions and Answers on Physiology, Anatomy and
PUY Cle ton treed Con 1S etige

Questions and Answers on Participles and Infinitives
Questions and Answers on Writing .
_ Questions and Answers on Test Problems

Questions and Answers on Parliamentary Rules

> 402

445

. 449
- 459

Ayr

CRAIG’S COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK
(Over 187,000 copies sold)

Over 10,000 teachers have secured their certificate
with its aid. County examiners use it because it is so
authoritative. Students find it of great assistance in pre-
paring for their Entrance Examinations to the High
Schools. Teachers use it for review work. The Yook
contains over 8,500 questions and answers on

U. S. History Geography
Reading Pedagogy
Grammar Algebra
Physiology Civil Government
Arithmetic Orthography

In order that this book may find its way into the
hands of every hard-working Teacher, we offer the
following special club rates: Price for single copies,
$1.50; two copies, $1.20; three copies, $1.15; four
copies, $1.10; five copies, $1.00. Transportation prepaid.

HENRY’S HIGH SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK
(Over 60,000 copies sold)

“‘This book is the most up-to-date practical aid I have
everseen. The questions on Mathematics, History, and
the Sciences are full of helpful suggestions. Every pro-
gressive teacher should possess a copy.’ It contains
questions and answers on the following subjects:

General History Chemistry
English Literature Zoology
Philosophy Astronomy
Rhetoric Geometry
Political Economy Physics

This is one of the most iielpful books for High School
teachers that has ever been published. It has helped
many a student to successfully pass his College Entrance
Examination. Price, $1.50.

HINDS & NOBLE

4-5-13-14 Cooper Institute - - New York City
School Books of All Publishers at One Store

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

DNPD STALES .- HISTORY.

1. Whatis History?
A recital of what has happened respecting nations and
countries.

2. What are the generally accepted divisions of history ?

Ancient and Modern, with subdivisions of Sacred and
Profane.

3. What ts (a) Ancient history? (b) Modern? (c) Sacred?
(d) Profane?

An account of events (a) from the creation of the world
to the birth of Christ; (4) from the birth of Christ to the
present time; (¢) the contents of the Holy Scriptures;
(¢@) any history not regarded as inspired.

4. What are the great events of ancient history ?

The rise and fall of the four great empires: Assyria,
Persia, Greece and Rome.

5. Lor what is modern history distinguished ?

Great inventions and discoveries, the advancement of
the arts of peace, the improvement of civil government,
and the spread of civilization to all parts of the earth.

6. How was America first settled ?

It is still a matter of conjecture; but probably the first
5

6 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

visitors from the Old World came from Asia by way of
Bering Strait, or on Pacific coasting vessels driven by
storms across the ocean and shipwrecked on the shores
of our continent.

7. What proofs show that America was inhabited by a
race of men previous to the Indians ? :

In Mexico, Central America and South America there
are remains of temples, bridges, aqueducts and of ancient
cities, indicative of a high state of civilization, the In-
dians having no traditions of their origin. ‘Thousands of
curiously constructed earth mounds, which are scattered
through the Mississippi River Valley, from the Gulf of Mex-
ico to the Great Lakes, bear evidence that a different race
from the Indians inhabited this continent before them.

8. Were these earlier inhabitants all of one race?

The relics found in the mounds indicate that their build-
ers were not of the same order of civilization as is repre-
sented in the Mexican and Peruvian ruins.

9. Why should we suppose that the Indians were a dis-
tinct race of men from those of this prehistoric time ?

The natural instincts of the Indians are opposed to im-
provement in the artsand sciences. For the three hundred
years that their habits have been studied, they have always
gloried in war and the chase, living where fish and game
abound, and content with rude dwellings instead of pro-
ducing any permanent or high-class architecture. The
mound relics, also, are of types which have not survived,
but which would have done so if they had entered into the
lives of so conservative a race as the Indians.

10. What records show that America was discovered pre-
vious to tts discovery by Columbus ?

The historical records of Iceland assert that America was
discovered by the Northmen in roo2.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. y]

11. Who were the Northmen ?

The inhabitants of Norway and Sweden were so called.

12. What lands did they discover and what evidences exist
of their explorations? Were their discoveries of any benefit?

Their records, or traditions, describe the entire Atlantic
coast; and the old tower at Newport, R.I., the inscriptions
on the rocks at Dighton, Mass., and minor other relics are
evidences of their claims. But no benefits arose from their
discoveries, as the voyages were discontinued and the new
country apparently forgotten.

13. Junto how many chief epochs can the history of the
United States be divided ?

Six: First, from the discovery of the continent to the
first settlement; second, from the first settlement to the
outbreak of the Revolutionary war; third, from the be-
ginning of this war to the adoption of the Constitution;
fourth, from the adoption of the Constitution to the com-
mencement of the civil war; fifth, from this to the sur-
render of Lee’s army; and sixth, from the close of the
civil war to the present day.

14. What idea led to the discovery of America by Colum-
bus? What results were sought ?

That the earth was a sphere, and upon this belief Colum-
bus attempted to find a westward route to India.

15. What land did Columbus first discover, and when?

The island of Guanahani or San Salvador, on Friday, Oc.
tober 12, 1492. ‘This is a much disputed point, however.

16. Give some account of Columbus's trials and his final
success ?

Columbus, being too poor to fit out an expedition, ap-
plied in vain to his own countrymen for aid, and then to
the king of Portugal. He next turned to Spain, and in
the meantime sent his brother to England, but his appeals

8 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

were laughed at, the very children mocking him as he passed
in the streets. Eighteen years passed thus, seven of them
in waiting for the answer of King Ferdinand of Spain.
Saddened by his continued failures, he was leaving Spain,
begging a little food at convent doors, and resolving to
apply to the king of France. At a lonely mountain pass
he was overtaken by a messenger from Queen. Isabella,
asking him to return. Urged by a desire to spread the
Catholic faith throughout the world, and to see Spain the
mistress of lands in Asia, the queen had changed her mind.
To the objections of Ferdinand she answered: “TI under-
take the enterprise for my crown of Castile, and will pledge
my jewels to raise the necessary funds.”

17. How many vessels composed his first fleet? When did
they sail?

Three: the Pinta, the Santa Maria and the Nina. They
sailed from Palos, Spain, August 3, 1492.

18. (a) Where and when did Columbus discover the main-
land? (b) How many voyages did he make?

(a) At the mouth of the Orinoco River, in 1498. (4) Four.

19. Who discovered the mainland before Columbus?
Where? When?

John Cabot and his son Sebastian. ‘The coast of Lab-
rador. 1497.

20. Why was the continent named America instead of
Columbia ?

A German, who published a description of the New World,
suggested that it should be called America in honor of Amer-
icus Vespucius, who made claims to the first discoveries.

21. What reward did Columbus receive for his discoveries ?
Where was he buried?

Others were jealous of his successes, and accused him of
treason to the Spanish government. He was laden with

OUNITED STATES HISTORY. 9

chains and brought home a prisoner, and died without re-
ward, broken-hearted. He was buried at Valladolid, Spain,
where his body remained until 1513; it was then trans-
ported to Seville; in 1536 it was removed to the city of
San Domingo; in 1796 it found a resting-place in the
cathedral at Havana, whence, however, it was in 1899 re-
moved to Spain.

22. What nations explored the country now known as the
United States ?
The Spaniards, English, French and Dutch.

23. Where did the Spaniards, make their claims? The
French? The English? The Dutch?

The Spaniards in the West Indies and the southern part
of the United States; the French in the northern part of
the United States and in Canada, having explored the Great
Lakes, the Mississippi River from the Falls of St. Anthony
to the Gulf, the Illinois, Wisconsin, Wabash, Maumee, Fox,
and many other rivers; the English on the Atlantic coast
at various points, which they named Virginia; the Dutch
in New York, which they called the New Netherlands.

24. ame the most important Spanish discoverers and
explorers.

Columbus, Vespucci, De Leon, Balboa, Grijalvah, De
Ayllon, De Narvaez, Magellan, De Soto and Melendez.

25. What induced Ponce de Leon to come to the New
World? Where were his discoveries ?

He was a Spanish soldier, who, being in disgrace, sought
the glory of conquest to restore his tarnished reputation.
He also went in search of a fountain, whose waters were
supposed to restore youth to all who drank of them. He
discovered Florida in 1512.

26. What discovery was made by Vasco de Balboa?

He crossed the isthmus of Panama, and from the summit
of the Andes first saw the Pacific Ocean, September 26, 1513.

Io COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

27. What was the object of De Narvaez’s explorations ?

Receiving a grant of Florida in 1528, he attempted its
conquest with 300 men, allured by the prospect of gold.
The exploration proved a failure. Many perished while
wandering in the swamps. After arriving at the Gulf of
Mexico, his men hurriedly constructed boats and put to
sea; but were shipwrecked, and De Narvaez was lost. Six
years afterward four survivors reached the Spanish settle-
ments on the Pacific coast.

28. What of Ferdinand de Soto and his explorations ?

De Soto was a Spanish nobleman, who invaded Florida
in 1539, seeking gold. He discovered the Mississippi
River in 1541, and was buried in its waters when he died
the next year.

29. When and by whom was the coast of Mexico discovered ?

By Grijalvah in 1518.

30. Give an account of the expeditions of Pedro Melendes.
Of De Ayllon. Of Magellan.

Melendez was sent out by Philip II in 1565 to colonize
Florida, but more particularly to destroy a colony of
French Huguenots, who the year before had made a settle-
ment near the mouth of the St. John’s River. On being
attacked the Huguenots put to sea in their vessels, but a
furious storm destroyed their fleet, and they were washed
ashore, where Melendez brutally butchered all who came
near him. Only a few escaped.

In 1520 Vasquez de Ayllon, a wealthy Spaniard, under-
took an expedition to America, and, landing on the present
coast of South Carolina, decoyed a number of natives on
board his fleet and sailed for home, intending to sell them
in Europe as slaves; but three of his vessels were wrecked
and most of the Indians were drowned. On reaching home
he was honorably received by his government and sent on
another kidnapping expedition, but it proved unsuccessful,

UNITED STATES HISTORY. II

and he was financially ruined. This attempt to enslave the
Indians caused them to lose all confidence in Spanish honor.

Magellan was the first European navigator to venture on
the Pacific, and the first to sail round the world. This
voyage took nearly three years, beginning in 1519. The
Pacific was so named by Magellan on account of its peace-
ful appearance.

31. When, where, and by whom was the first colony founded
on the American continent ?

In 1510, at Darien, by the Spaniards.

32. When, where, and by whom was the first permanent
settlement made in the United States? The second?

In 156s, at St. Augustine, by Melendez. The second
also was founded by the Spaniards at Santa Fé in 1582.

33. What parts of the New World were explored by the
Spaniards ?

Central America, Mexico, Peru, Florida, the Mississippi
Valley, New Mexico and the coast of California.

34. Who first attempted to form English settlements in
America ?

Sir Walter Raleigh and his half-brother, Sir Humphrey
Gilbert. Their labors were unsuccessful, and the latter
was drowned on the return voyage.

35. When and where was the first permanent English
settlement made in the United States ?

In 1607, at Jamestown, Virginia.

36. Who sent out the settlers to Jamestown ?

The London Company, composed of noblemen, gentle-
men, and merchants of London.

37. What territory was granted to the London Company ?

All the country between the southern limit of Maryland
and Cape Fear.

12 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

38. How many charters had the London Company ?

Three. The first charter contained no suggestion of
self-government. ‘The people chose none of their officers;
the king was to appoint two councils, one to reside in Lon-
don and have control of all the colonies, and the other to
reside in the colonies and have control of their local affairs.
The second charter vested the authority in a governor in-
stead of a local council; it gave the colonists no additional
rights, nor were they consulted with regard to the change.
The third charter gave to the stockholders the power to
regulate the affairs of the company.

39. LVame the most important French discoverers. What
sections did they explore ?

Verrazani and Cartier. Verrazani was sent out by the
French king in 1524. He first touched the coast of North
Carolina, and then sailed north to Newfoundland, having
entered the harbors of New York and Newport. In 1534,
James Cartier discovered and explored the Gulf and River
of St. Lawrence.

40. Who were the most important English discoverers and
explorers ?

The Cabots, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Humphrey Gilbert,
Sir Walter Raleigh and Bartholomew Gosnold.

41. Of whom was the Plymouth Company composed?
What territory was granted them ?

It was composed of persons from Plymouth, England.
The grant was that tract of country lying between the
forty-first and forty-fifth degrees of latitude, and was called
North Virginia. ;

42. Who were the first Spanish, French, English and
Dutch discoverers ?

Columbus was the first discoverer under Spanish auspices,
John Verrazani the first under French, John Cabot the
first under English, and Hudson the first under Dutch,

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 13

43. Where and when was the first permanent settlement
made by the Dutch? By the French?

By the Dutch at New York in 1613. By the French at
Port Royal, N.S., in 1605.

44. Where and when was the first white child of English
parents born in America? What was her name?

At the temporary settlement on Roanoke Island in 1587.
Virginia Dare.

45. What region of country was called Acadia ?

The tract lying between the present cities of Philadelphia
and Montreal. The name has since been confined to New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia and the adjacent islands.

46. What can be said of Sir Francis Drake?

He was an English sea captain, who explored the coast
of California and Oregon in 1579, and returned home by
the way of the Cape of Good Hope, having made the second
circumnavigation of the world.

47. Why did Raleigh name the lands he explored Virginia ?

In honor of Elizabeth, who was called the Virgin Queen.

48. Who was Champlain ?

The pioneer who in 1609 discovered Lakes Champlain
and Huron. He afterward led a party of Canadian In-
dians against the Iroquois, in northern New York, being
the first white man to enter that region.

49. Who were the Jesuit missionaries ?

French priests, who sought to convert the Indians to the
Roman Catholic faith. They were the explorers of the
Mississippi Valley. In 1668 they founded the mission of
St. Mary, the oldest European settlement in Michigan.

50. Who were the first partial explorers of the Mississippi
and its branches ?

Joliet and Marquette.

14 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

51. Who were La Salle and Father Hennepin?

Jesuit missionaries, and early explorers of the northern
lakes and rivers.

52. Who discovered the Hudson River ?

Henry Hudson, an Englishman in the service of the
Dutch government, in 1609. He sailed up the river to
where the city of Hudson now stands.

53. What was the object of Hudson's explorations ?

To find a northern passage to the East Indies.

54. What its said of the fate of Hudson ?

In 1610, after diseovering the strait and bay which bear
his name, he was placed in an open boat with six sailors
by some malcontent companions and abandoned.

55- Who claimed the New Netherlands?

The English and the Dutch.

56. On what grounds did they base their respective claims ?

The English upon the discoveries of the Cabots, and the
Dutch upon the explorations of Hudson.

57. How was the dispute settled?

By force of arms; the English maintained possession.

58. Ad the close of the sixteenth century, where were the
only permanent settlements ?

At St. Augustine and Santa Fé.

59. ame five of the first permanent settlements in the
New World, at the beginning of the seventeenth century.

Port Royal, N.S., in 1605, by the French; Jamestown,
in 1607, by the English; Quebec, in 1608, by the French;
New York, in 1613, by the Dutch; and Plymouth, in 1620,
by the English Pilgrims.

60. Who were the Pilgrims ?

They were dissenters from the Church of England, who,

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 15

in order to worship in accordance with their conscience, first
sought refuge in Holland; but, believing in the future
prosperity of the New World, they decided to face all hard-
ships and found a colony there. They landed at Plymouth,
December 21, 1620. ‘This was the first settlement founded
in Massachusetts.

61. How many came on the first voyage ?

One hundred and two. ‘They came in a vessel called the
Mayflower.

62. Who was their first governor?
John Carver.

63. Was the colony prosperous ?

Nearly half its members died during the first four
months, and all would have perished but for the aid of
fishermen off the coast. Their sufferings continued four
years, after which they prospered.

64. Who was Roger Williams ?

A Puritan of the Massachusetts Bay colony, who was
banished thence for his unpopular religious opinions. He
afterward founded the first settlement in Rhode Island.
This was in 1636.

65. How did the Puritans treat the Quakers ?

They banished the Quakers from Massachusetts, im-
prisoned many, and put four to death.

66. Who was Mrs. Anne Hutchinson ?

A woman who, during the year in which Roger Williams
was banished, declared that she had special revelations
from God, and with great fluency of speech expounded
them to crowded congregations of women, causing much
disturbance among the clergy and esos of Boston. She
was finally banished.

67. What were the United Colonies of New England ?
The colonies collectively of Massachusetts Bay, Ply-

16 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

mouth, New Haven and Connecticut which in 1643 were
united under one government.

68. What was the object of this league?

To protect its members against the Indians and the en-
croachments of the French and Dutch.

69. Why was Providence, Rhode Island, so named ?

Because Roger Williams, having just escaped from the
Puritans, was grateful for the tract (now Rhode Island)
given to him by Canonicus, the Narragansett Indian chief,
and compared it to a “gift of Providence.”

70. When and by what nation was negro slavery intro-
duced into the United States ?
In 1619, by the Dutch.

71. Who was Captain John Smith?

One of the founders of Jamestown, who, as governor,
conducted the affairs of the colony with great energy and
SUCCESS.

72. Who were Pocahontas and Powhatan ?

Pocahontas was the daughter of the Indian chief, Pow-
hatan. She saved the life of Capt. John Smith, who had
been sentenced to death by her father.

73. What became of Pocahontas?

She married, in 1613, a young English planter, John
Rolfe. Three years later when visiting London she was
taken sick and died, leaving an infant son, whose’ descend-
ants include some of the leading families of Virginia.

74. When did the first English women come to America?

In 1608, to Jamestown, as wives for the settlers.

75. What valuable plants were discovered in America?

Indian corn, potatoes and tobacco.

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 17

76. When was the first Indian plot to massacre the
English ?

In 1609, but the massacre was prevented by Pocahontas,
who revealed the plot to the people of Jamestown.

77. When was the first massacre in Virginia? The second?

In 1622, when in one hour 347 men, women and children
were massacred. ‘The second was in 1644, when 300 were
killed ; this plot was originated by Opechancanough, and
was intended to exterminate the English settlers.

78. Who was Nathantel Bacon? What was the cause
of Bacon’s rebellion ?

A patriotic young lawyer, who rallied a company and de-
fended the settlements against the Indians; he was de-
nounced by Governor Berkeley as a traitor for acting with-
out orders. During the contest which followed, Berkeley
was driven out of Jamestown, and the village partially
burned. In the midst of this struggle Bacon died.

79. When and where was the first Colonial Assembly?

June 28, 1619, at Jamestown. It. consisted of the gover-
nor, council and deputies, or “ burgesses,’”’ chosen from the
various plantations.

80. Who was King Philip ?

King Philip was an Indian chief, the son of Massasoit,
who, becoming jealous of the intrusion of the whites,
planned a confederation of the Indian tribes against these
intruders.

81. When was King Philip’s war ?

The war began in 1675, continuing about one year.
King Philip was shot by an Indian, an ally of the English,
in 1676.

82. What were the Navigation Acts ?

In 1660 the British Parliament ordered that the com-
merce of the colonies should be carried on in English

18 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

vessels, and their tobacco and all other products shipped
to England. In fact, American manufactures were pro-
hibited, and nothing allowed to be done that would enter
into competition with the people of England.

83. What was the effect of these laws?

- These laws bore very heavily on the people, causing
great discontent, and were one of the causes which led to
the Revolution.

84. Were the Navigation Acts observed in Massachusetts ?

No. An officer was sent to enforce them, but without
success. Charles II seized upon the excuse thus offered,
and made Massachusetts a royal province. The king died
before his plan was completed, but James II, in 1686, de-
clared the charters of all the New England colonies forfeited.

85. Who was Sir Hdmond Andros ?

The first royal governor of New England. He was sent
by James II. The colonies endured his oppressions for
three years, when, learning that his royal master was de-
throned, they revolted and imprisoned him.

86. From what was derived the appellation of Charter
Oak?

When James II declared that the charters of all the New
England colonies were forfeited, Connecticut refused to
surrender hers. Governor Andros demanded the charter
of the assembly then in session at Hartford, and during the
debate which ensued the lights were suddenly extinguished,
and the charter was seized by William Wadsworth and
hidden in the hollow of an old oak, which since that time
has been called the Charter Oak.

87. Who was Sir William Phipps ?

The second royal governor of Massachusetts, or a pro-
vince embracing Massachusetts, Maine and Nova Scotia.

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 19

88. What were the results of the so-called “ Salem witch-
craft”?

A superstition prevailed that persons were subject to the
control of invisible evil spirits, and it is estimated that
some 200 persons were accused, 150 imprisoned, 28 con-
demned, 19 hanged, and one pressed to death.

89. What was the cause of the Pequot war? How did it
end ?

The Indians had become troublesome and dangerous to
the early settlers of Connecticut, who resolved to make war
upon the Pequots. A battle took place at Mystic River,
where the tribe was nearly annihilated ; those Indians who
were not killed were captured and made slaves, or escaped
and joined other tribes.

90. What name did the Dutch give their colony on Man-
hattan Island?

New Amsterdam,

gt. How was this tsland obtained ?

It was purchased of the Indians for about $24.

g2. Give a short history of the early government of New
York.

After the discovery of the Hudson River, the West In-
dia Company obtained of the Dutch government a grant
of New Netherlands, and settlements were made at New
Amsterdam and Port Orange, now the city of Albany. For
twenty years New York was subject to Indian butcheries,
varied by difficulties with the Swedes on the Delaware and
the English on the Connecticut. In September, 1664, an
English fleet came to anchor in the harbor of New Amster-
dam, and demanded the surrender of the town. Peter
Stuyvesant, the last and ablest of the four Dutch governors,
plead with the council to fight, but in vain. They wished
for English rule. The surrender was signed, and the

*

20 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

colony was named New York. ‘The English governors did
not satisfy the people, so that when, after nine years of
English rule, a Dutch fleet appeared in the harbor, the
people went back quietly under their old rulers. The next
year peace was declared between England and Holland,
and New Amsterdam became New York again. Andros
now became governor, and New York remained a royal pro-
vince until the Revolution.

93. When and by whom was Connecticut settled ?

In 1636, by a company of persons from Massachusetts,
with their minister, Mr. Hooker. ‘Their settlements were
at Windsor, Hartford and Wethersfield.

94. By whom was the first settlement in New Hampshire
made ?

By the Rev. Mr. Wheelright and a few followers, who
were also banished from Massachusetts on account of their
religion.

95: Who made the first settlement in Maine ?

Ferdinand Georges, in 1636.

96. From what did its early colonists greatly suffer?

From the hostilities of the Indians.

97. Why were the Indians so hostile and barbarous ?

Because of the treachery of the early explorers, several
attempts being made by the whites to kidnap Indians and
take them to Europe as slaves. The Indians sought ven-
geance.

98. When and by whom was Philadelphia founded?

In 1683 William Penn purchased the land of the Swedes.
The name, derived from two Greek words, signifies Broth-
erly Love.

99: Who was William Penn ?

A Quaker, who, with a band of followers, had settled in
Pennsylvania in 1682, buying lands of the Indians.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 21

100. Why did Lord Baltimore obtain a tract of land
north of the Potomac River ?—

To secure for the Roman Catholics a refuge from the
persecutions which they were then suffering in England.

101. What was the cause of Claiborne’s rebellion ?

The Virginia colonies claimed that Lord Baltimore’s
grant covered territory belonging to them. Claiborne, a
member of the Jamestown council, having established two
trading-posts in Maryland, prepared to defend them by
force. On the eve of a battle he fled to Virginia, and his
party was defeated. Claiborne was tried for treason, but
acquitted. ‘Ten years afterward he came back, headed a
revolt, and drove Lord Baltimore, then governor of Mary-
land, out of the colony. Lord Baltimore returned with a
large force, and Claiborne fled.

102. After this rebellion, what was the condition of Mary-
land ?

The Protestants, having obtained a majority in the as-
sembly, excluded Catholics from their rights, assailed their
religion, and even declared them outside the protection of
the law. Civil war ensued. Atone time two governments
were sustained, one Protestant and the other Catholic. In
1691 Lord Baltimore was entirely deprived of his rights as
proprietor, and Maryland became a royal province. In
1715 a later Lord Baltimore recovered the government, and
religious toleration was again restored.

103. Zo whom does the honor of having first established
religious freedom in America belong?

To the Roman Catholics of Maryland, by the “ Tolera-
tion Act” of 1649.

104. By whom was Delaware settled? Where and when?
What transpired a few years after their settlement ?

By the Swedes and Finns, in 1630, near the entrance of
Delaware Bay, where they laid the foundation of Lewiston,

22 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the oldest town in the State. After a few years, Governor
Stuyvesant of New Netherlands conquered their colony.

105. What European wars disturbed the American colonies?

King William’s war in 1689, Queen Anne’s in 1702, and
King George’s in 1744.

106. What was King William’s war, and how long did it
last?

In 1689 war broke out in Europe between England and
France. The contest extended to the American colonies,
and lasted seven years.

107. What was the condition of the colonies during Queen
Anne’s war ?

Queen Anne’s war lasted eleven years. The New Eng-
land frontier was again desolated ; remote settlements were
abandoned; the people betook themselves to palisaded
houses, and worked their farms with their guns always at
hand.

108. Were the colonies much affected by King George's war ?

They were not. The only event of importance was the
capture of Louisburg, on the island of Cape Breton. Peace
being established, England gave back Louisburg to the
French.

109. What part did the Indians usually take in these wars ¢

They assisted the French against the English.

110. Which of the colonies suffered mostly in early war-
fare?

Virginia, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York.

111. Which of the colonies was free from Indian warfare ?

Pennsylvania.

112. Which was the only treaty with Indians never sworn
to, and the only one never broken ?

William Penn’s treaty with the Indians.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 23

113. lVame the thirteen colontes.

Virginia, New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Dela-
ware, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Georgia.

114. When and where were Harvard and Yale Colleges
founded ?

Harvard was founded at Cambridge, Mass., in 1638;
Yale at New Haven, Conn., in 1701.

115. When and by whom was the first newspaper started
in America? Who was the first American editor?

The Boston News Letter was established in 1704 by
Bartholomew Green. John Campbell was the first Ameri-
can editor.

116. Jn 7741, what caused great excitement in New York
City ?

The supposed negro plot to burn New York and make a
negro governor.

117. Who was John Eliot?

A minister who labored among the Indians, and for his
devotion was called the Indian Apostle; he also translated
the Bible into an Indian written language.

118. Who was William Kidd?

A man sent out by England to suppress piracy in 1696.
He turned buccaneer, was captured in Boston in 1699, sent
to England, condemned and hanged.

119. By whom was North Carolina settled?

In 1650, near Albemarle Sound, by a colony from Vir-
ginia.

120. When was South Carolina settled ?

In 1689, at Charleston, principally by Huguenots.

24 COMMON: SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

121. /n 1700, what valuable plants were introduced into
this. country ?

Cotton and rice.

122. When and by whom was Georgia settled?

In 1732, by James Oglethorpe, who began a settlement
where Savannah now stands.

123. Why was it called Georgia?

In honor of George II, then king of England.

124. From what nation came the great mass of the early
settlers of the United Stutes ?

From England, though there were considerable numbers
of Dutch, French, Scotch, Irish, Swedes and Germans.

125. Where were the different nationalities found in the
colonies ?

The Dutch were mostly in New York; the French in
New York and South Carolina; the Scotch and Irish in
East Jersey, the Carolinas and Georgia; the Swedes on
the Delaware; the Germans in Pennsylvania and North
Carolina.

126. /n what occupations were the settlers of New England
engaged? Those of the Middle States? Those of Virginia
and Maryland? Those of Georgia and Carolina ?

In New England the settlers were engaged in farming,
lumbering, manufacturing, ship-building and fisheries; in
the Middle States chiefly in farming; in Virginia and
Maryland in farming, tobacco being the staple product;
in Georgia and Carolina in rice-raising near the coast, and
in general farming on the high lands, where cotton was
cultivated on a small scale.

127. What colony and town stood first in commerce ?

The colony of Massachusetts and the town of Boston.

—

—

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 25

“

128. Whatwere the populations of New York, Philadelphia
and Boston ?

Boston and New York had about 18,000 each. Phila-
delphia about 25,000.

129. Why had Virginia no large towns ?

The water-ways through Chesapeake Bay and many large
rivers brought ships into direct communication with many
plantations, which facilitated exchange and dispensed with
the need of central markets, so that the colonists did not
collect in large towns.

130. Jn these times how was trade carried on ?

Mainly by barter.

131. What was used instead of currency ?

In Virginia, for a long time, tobacco was used as money;
in New England wampum, made of shells; in New York
beaver-skins.

132. Ja what money were accounts kept?

English — pounds, shillings and pence.
133. /fow did the use of dollars and cents become established?

By the demand for money in the time of the Revolution.

134. What were the general manners and customs of the
early settlers ?

Primitive. The people did their own weaving and made
their own clothing, and all were required to dress within
their means. Their food was abundant, but simple, and
their houses were mostly log cabins. Everything wore an
air of industry and thrift.

135. What religious beltefs existed in the colonies ?
Christianity in some form was found everywhere. In
Maryland the Roman Catholic Church was uppermost ; in

Virginia and South Carolina the Church of England. In
New England the doctrine was Calvinistic and the form

26 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

of church government Congregational; while in New York
“the Reformed Dutch Church was supreme. ‘The Quakers
predominated in Pennsylvania, Delaware, Rhode Island
and New Jersey. Roger Williams had established at Provi-
dence the first Baptist Church in America. The French
Protestants, or Huguenots, were found in considerable num-
bers in New York and largely in Carolina.

136. Give an account of religious persecutions in that day.

A war of sects was waged in several of the colonies, the
people seeming to forget their ideas of tolerance and re-
ligious equality as they prospered. The Puritans im-
prisoned Baptists and put Quakers to death. The Church-
men in Virginia banished Puritans and imprisoned Baptists.
The Protestants of Maryland disfranchised the Catholics.
But as years passed, the tolerant spirit was gradually re-
stored.

137. Under what dominion were the colonies ?

Under the crown of England.

138. What were proprietary governments? Give examples
of them.

Where the province was under some proprietor, by grant
to an individual or association from the king. Pennsyl-
vania under William Penn, and Maryland under Lord
Baltimore, are examples.

139. Describe (a) royal government, (b) charter govern-
ment, (c) voluntary association.

(2) Royal government was that conducted directly by
the crown through the appointment of a royal governor.
(4) Charter government was where the colony was gov-
erned by a code of laws enacted expressly for them and
called a charter; this written instrument granted certain
political rights and privileges. (¢) Government by volun-
tary association was where the people organized themselves
into a body politic without authority of privilege from the
crown.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. - 27

140. Who were the founders of American literature ¢

Increase Mather, one of the early presidents of Harvard
College, and his son Cotton Mather.

141. What was the first important book written by a native
American ?

Cotton Mather’s “ A/agnalia,” a religious history of New
England.

142. What influence had the pulpit in the education of the
people in colonial times ?

It had great influence, as many of the ministers were
men of superior scholarship. ‘They did not deal wholly in
religious dogmas, but led and inspired the people, kept
patriotism aflame, watched the encroachments of British
despotism, and moulded national character.

143. When were post-offices first established ?

In the year 1693 Parliament voted to establish post-
offices in the colonies, and Thomas Neale was authorized
to transmit letters and packets “at such rates as the
planters should agree to give.”

144. What great men did the colonial times produce? What
notable sentiment was uttered by James Otis ?

Jonathan Edwards, theologian; Benjamin Franklin, phil-
osopher and statesman; James Otis and Patrick Henry,
orators. After the passage of the Stamp Act by Parlia-
ment, James Otis said: “To my dying day I will oppose,
with all the powers and faculties God has given me, all
such instruments of slavery on the one hand and villainy on
the other.” ‘Then and there,” said John Adams, “the
trumpet of the Revolution was sounded.”

145. Where and when was the first permanent settlement in
the Mississippi Valley ?
At Kaskaskia, in Illinois, about 1690.

28 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

146. What was the cause of the French and Indian war,
and who were the parties to it?

The cause was disputed territory, and the parties were
the French and Indians against the English.

147. Where was the disputed territory ?

West of the Alleghany Mountains, along the Ohio River
and the northern lakes.

148. Who was sent to request the French to withdraw from
the territory on the Ohio ?

George Washington.

149. What was the result of Washington’s endeavor to
compel the French to abandon the Ohio River territory ?

After some successes Washington marched to a place
called Great Meadows, where he built Fort Necessity.
Early in July, 1755, the fort was attacked by the whole
French and Indian force, but was so stoutly defended that
the French commander, Count de Villiers, raised a flag of
truce. Washington finally gave up the fort, but was per-
mitted to march away with all the honors of war.

150 flow were Washington and his soldiers rewarded by
the legislature of Virginia ?

A vote of thanks was passed, and each soldier was to re-
ceive a /istole.

151. After Washington’s return, what general was sent in
his place against the French ?

Gen. Braddock, with a select force of 1,200 men.

152. What was the result of Gen. Braddock’s expedition ?

When within a few miles of Fort du Quesne (now Pitts-
burg, Pa.) he was surprised by a body of French and In-
dians in ambush. Braddock was mortally wounded, and
nearly all his officers and half his troops were killed. Brad-
dock was buried during the retreat, and Washington ordered

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 29

the wagons to pass over his grave and obliterate it so that —
his body might not fall into the hands of the Indians.

153. Who was the only mounted officer saved in this ex-
pedition ?

Washington, although four bullets pierced his coat and
two horses were shot under him.

154. Was the next expedition against Fort du Quesne
successful ?

Gen. Forbes led this expedition. Washington com-
manded the Virginia troops. After the capture of the
fort it received the name of Pittsburg, in honor of William
Pitt.

155. At what points outside of the Ohio country did the
colonists attack the French ?
At Louisburg, Quebec, Crown Point and Niagara.

156. What success had the English in their campaign
against Acadia ?

The French forts at the head of the Bay of Fundy were
quickly taken, and the region east of the Penobscot fell
into the hands of the English. Gen. Loudoun planned an
attack on Louisburg, but, learning that the French fleet
contained one more ship than his own, gave it up. The
next year Gens. Amherst and Wolfe captured the city after
a severe bombardment, and took possession of the entire
island.

157. What did they do at Crown Point and Ticon-
deroga ?

The English under Johnson met the French commanded
by Dieskau near the head of Lake George, where a battle
was fought, the English being victorious. Johnson, after
building a fort which he called William Henry, feared de-
feat if he attempted to take Crown Point, and returned to
Albany.

30 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

158. Describe the attack on Ticonderoga.

On a calm Sunday morning, about four months before
the fall of Fort du Quesne, Gen. Abercrombie, with a
thousand boats full of soldiers, with waving flags and mar-
tial music, swept down Lake George to attack Ticonderoga.
The result was a disastrous repulse. The next year, 1759,
- at the approach of Gen. Amherst with a large army, both
Ticonderoga and Crown Point were evacuated.

159. Were the English successful at Niagara ?

Gen. Shirley reached Oswego, but after hearing of the
disastrous defeat of Braddock, was discouraged, and only
stopping to build a fort came home. Four years after
Niagara surrendered to the English.

160. Who were the commanders at the battle of Quebec?

Gen. Wolfe commanded the English, and Gen. Montcalm
the French.

161. How was Quebec taken ?

Gen. Wolfe, while reconnoitering, observed a narrow
path winding among the rocks to the top. At night he de-
scended the river, while his men landed, climbed the steep
cliff and seized the guards, and at break of day stood with
his entire army drawn up in order of battle on the Plains of
Abraham. A desperate battle followed; on September 13,
1759, five days later, the city surrendered.

162. What generals were killed at the capture of Quebec,
and what were their dying words ? ;

Both Wolfe and Montcalm. Wolfe, when informed that
the French were running, exclaimed: ‘*Now God be
praised; I die happy!” Montcalm, when told that his
wound was fatal, replied: “So much the better; I shall
not live to see the surrender of Quebec.”

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 31

163. What was the treaty of peace between France and
England ?

France gave up all the territory east of the Mississippi,
except two small islands south of Newfoundland, retained
as fishing stations. In this treaty Spain ceded Florida to
England, and France ceded to Spain New Orleans and all
the territory she claimed west of the Mississippi.

164. What were the cause and results of Pontiacs war?

When the English took possession of the western forts
great discontent arose, for the French had won the hearts
of the Indians. Pontiac, a chief of the Ottawas, formed a
confederation of the tribes against the English. Eight
forts were surprised and captured, and thousands of per-
sons fled from their homes to avoid the scalping-knife. By
a disagreement among the Indians the confederation was
broken and a treaty signed.

165. Jn the French and Indian war, what was the most
remarkable battle ?

The capture of Quebec.

166. What were the effects of this war?

It cost the colonists $16,000,000, of which only $5,000,000
was repaid by England. They lost thirty thousand men,
suffered the untold horrors of Indian warfare, and taxes
were sometimes equal to two-thirds of the income of the
tax-payer; but they learned to think and act independently
of the mother-country.

167. At the close of the French and Indian war, what was
the population of the colonies ?

About 2,000,000.

168. What were the chief causes which led to the American
Revolution ?

The colonies were unjustly taxed, and not allowed
representation in Parliament.

2 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

(Ss)

169. What were Writs of Assistance ?

Warrants authorizing the king’s officers to search for
smuggled goods. This gave the custom-house officers power
to enter a man’s house or store at pleasure. The colonists
resisted such power as a violation of their legal rights.

170. What was the Stamp Act, and when was it passed?

It was a law requiring that to all bonds, deeds, news-
papers, pamphlets, etc., there should be attached a stamp
purchased of the tax authorities of the British crown. It
was passed by Parliament in 1765.

171. Who was Patrick Henry ?

A Virginian who with boldness and eloquence distin-
guished himself by his opposition to the Stamp Act.

172. After the repeal of the Stamp Act, what attempt was
made to tax the colonies ?

A duty was laid on all tea, glass, paper and painters’
colors which should be imported.

173. Who were the Sons of Liberty?

In order to resist the Stamp Act, associations called
Sons of Liberty were organized, and delegates from nine
of the colonies met at New York and framed a Declaration
of Rights, and a petition to the king and Parliament.
November 1 was the date appointed for the law to go into
effect, and on that day the people set aside all business,
bells were tolled, flags were lowered to half-mast, and stir-
ring speeches by the great orators of the times aroused the
people over the whole land.

174. What was the Mutiny Act?

A law requiring that the colonies should furnish the
British soldiers with quarters and necessary supplies. This
act aroused the indignation of the Americans. To be
taxed was bad enough, but to be forced to shelter and feed
their oppressors was unendurable.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 33

175. What event occurring in Boston received the name of
“ Boston Tea Party”?

Vessels containing nearly 350 chests of tea were boarded
by Americans disguised as Indians, and the tea was
thrown into the harbor.

176. What was the Boston Port Bill?

An act of Parliament forbidding the landing of goods in
Boston.

177. What was the Boston Massacre ?

A small guard of British soldiers passing through the
streets of Boston were so exasperated by the jeers and
taunts of a crowd of men and boys, that they fired, killing
three persons and wounding several others.

178. When and where did the first General Congress of
the colonies assemble, and what action did it take ?

The first Continental Congress was held at Philadelphia,
September 5,1774. It voted not to obey the recent acts of
Parliament; protested against standing armies being kept
in the colonies without consent of the people; sustained
Massachusetts in her resistance, and agreed to hold no
intercourse with Great Britain.

179. Why do we cherish the name Faneuil Hall? Where
is it? By what other name is it known ?

Faneuil Hall, in Boston, was a great rendezvous of the
Revolutionary patriots. Powerful speeches were made in
this hall for the cause of freedom, and from this it acquired
the title of the “Cradle of Liberty.”

180. What was the public feeling in England ?

Public feeling was generally against the colonies. ‘Every
man,” wrote Dr. Franklin, “seems to consider himself as a
piece of a sovereign over America; seems to jostle himself
into the throne with the king, and talks of our subjects in
the colonies.”

34 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

181. Were the people all united in their protestations
against the English government? By what party names were
they known ?

They were not. Those who still remained loyal to the
king were termed Tories, and those in opposition Whigs.

182. Who was Paul Revere?

A daring patriot, who, at the outbreak of the Revolution,
performed valuable services in rousing the people in the
country and villages.

REVOLUTIONARY WAR.

183. Who had command of the British army at the com-
mencement of the Revolution ?

Gen. Gage.

184. When and where was fought the first battle of the
Revolution ?

April 19, 1775, at Lexington, a few miles from Boston.

185. Describe the battle of Lexington.

Gen. Gage, learning that the people were gathering mil-
itary stores at Concord, sent eight hundred British soldiers
to destroy them; at Lexington a skirmish occurred in
which seven Americans were killed. After destroying the
stores, the troops hastily retreated, followed by the militia,
who were eager to avenge the death of their countrymen.
In their retreat to Boston the British lost nearly three
hundred men. i

186. What effect had this battle ?

The effect was like wild-fire. American blood had been
shed. Patriot avengers came pouring in from all sides.
Grey-headed fathers and mothers sent their boys to battle.

187. Who was Israel Putnam? What nickname was
given him ?

A Connecticut farmer who, when notified of the battle of

UNITED STATES HISTORY. aig

Lexington, immediately left his plow, mounted his horse
and rode to Boston, a distance of roo miles, without leav-
ing his saddle. His great courage and patriotism was of
vast assistance to the cause of freedom. He was familiarly
known as “Old Put.”

188. What were some of Putnam's narrow escapes ?

The story of his entering a wolf’s den and shooting the
animal by the glare of his eyes serves to show his love of
bold adventure. At Fort Edward he alone, when all others
fled, saved a magazine containing three hundred barrels of
gunpowder from approaching flames, at the cost of being
terribly burned. In one encounter he received fourteen
bullet holes in his clothing. The British vainly offered
him money if he would desert the American cause.

189. When and where was the battle of Bunker Lill?
Describe it.

June 17, 1775, on Breed’s Hill, in Charlestown. It was
the intention of Gen. Ward, who commanded the patriots,
to fortify Bunker Hill in the night, but by some mistake
Breed’s Hill was selected. At daylight the British were
startled by seeing the redoubt which had been constructed,
and the officers immediately decided to drive the Americans
from their position. ‘Three thousand troops under Gen.
Howe were formed into line and slowly ascended the hill.
No move was made by the patriots until the British were
within ten.rods. Then a blaze of light shot from the re-
doubt, and whole ranks of the enemy fell. The survivors,
unable to endure the terrible slaughter, broke and fled.

A second charge was but a repetition of the first; but
on the third the ammunition of the patriots became ex-
hausted and they were driven from the field.

190. Who were the commanders in this battle? What was
the force of each army, and the loss ?

Gen. Howe commanded the British army. It is uncer-

36 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

tain who commanded the Americans, but generally histor-
ians give Col. Prescott the credit. The British force, which
numbered 3,000, lost 1,000; the Americans had a force of
1,500, and lost 450.

191. What American general was killed in this battle?

Gen. Warren. This gallant soldier was among the last
to leave the field of battle, and while he was trying to rally
the troops, a British officer who knew him seized a musket
and shot him dead.

192. How did the Americans regard the battle of Bunker
fill?

The effect was that of a victory, as the untrained farmer-
soldiers had met the seasoned troops of the British army,
had repulsed them twice with great slaughter, and but for
the Jack of ammunition would have been victorious.

193. What two forts were captured by the Americans in
May, 1775:

Ticonderoga and Crown Point.

194. Zo whom did these forts surrender ?

To Ethan Allen and Benedict Arnold, respectively.

195. What did Allen say when asked by what authority
he demanded the surrender of Ticonderoga ?

“T demand it in the name of the Great Jehovah and the
Continental Congress.”

196. Who were termed “Green Mountain Boys”?

During a controversy between New Hampshire and New
York, over lands claimed by each party, Col. Ethan Allen
became conspicuous in the cause of New Hampshire, and
the recruits under him were called the “Green Mountain
Boys.” It is now applied to the men of Vermont.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 7

197. When did the second Continental Congress assemble,
and what did it do?

On May 10, 1775. It voted to raise and equip 20,000
men, and give the command to Gen. Washington.

198. When did Gen. Washington take command of the
American army, and how large was his force ?

July 3, 1775, at Cambridge, Mass. His force was 14,000
men.

199. What was the result of the American attack on
Canada ?

It was unsuccessful, suffering a defeat at Quebec, where
Gen. Montgomery, the American general, was killed.

1776.

200. How did Washington force the British to evacuate
Boston ?

By sending a force at night to fortify Dorchester
Heights. These overlook Boston, and Howe, remember-
ing the lesson of Bunker Hill, decided to leave. The next
day, March 18, 1776, Washington entered the city amid
great rejoicing.

201. Describe the attack on Fort Moultrie.

On June 28, a British fleet under Admiral Parker opened
fire on Fort Moultrie. The response from Moultrie’s guns
was so fearful that the fleet was badly damaged, and it
withdrew and sailed for New York.

202. What daring feat was accomplished by Sergeant
Jasper in this attack ?

Early in the action the flagstaff was struck by a ball;
Jasper leaped over the breastworks, caught up the flag,
and springing back tied it to a sponge staff, and replaced
it in its former position.

38 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

203. Who introduced in Congress the resolution that “the
United Colonies are, and ought to be, free and independent
States” ?

Richard Henry Lee of Virginia, June 7, 1776.

204. Who were appointed to draw up a declaration of
rights ?

Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, Benjamin Franklin,
Roger Sherman, and Robert R. Livingston.

205. When was the Declaration of Independence accepted
by Congress ?

July 4, 1776.

206. What did this declaration assert ?

That the thirteen United States of America were free
and independent.

207. When was it signed, and by how many persons ?

August 2, 1776, by all the members of Congress, num-
bering fifty-six.

208. What became necessary after this declaration ?

That articles of government should be drawn.

209. What were these articles called, and when were they
to take effect?

Articles of Confederation, and they were to take effect
when ratified by all the States.

210. Were they ratified by Congress immediately ?

No; delays and objections arose, but they were estab-
lished in March, 178r.

211. Which State was the last to give her consent?

Rhode Island, in 1790.

212. Why were the articles of confederation not adapted to
the general wants of the government ?

Because they gave no real power to Congress, which

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 39

could only recommend what should be done. Congress
could borrow money, but was not empowered to pay it;
could declare war and determine how many troops should
be raised, but could not levy taxes to defray expenses, or
compel the States to raise the troops.

213. When was the battle of Long Island fought, and with
what result ¢

On August 27, 1776, the Americans being compelled to
withdraw, closely pursued by the British under Gen. Howe.

214. Ln the retreat of Washington, through what places did
he pass ?

North by way of Harlem, White Plains and Chester,
then southwest through New Jersey to the Pennsylvania
side of the Delaware River.

215. When was the battle of White Plains fought, and who
was victorious ¢

October 28,1776. Neither side was victorious, although
Washington retreated when the British received reinforce-
ments.

216. What was the feeling of the colonists at this time ?

They were discouraged and heartsick. In the three
weeks’ retreat of Washington the soldiers were poorly clad
and many of them barefooted. Often their blood-stained
footprints were left on the frozen ground. It was a season
of great adversity, and tried the patriotism of the new
government. Many people of wealth and influence went
over to the British side.

217. What daring exploit was undertaken by Washington
near the close of the year 1776 ?
He crossed the Delaware River on the night of Decem-

ber 25, proceeded to Trenton, and in the early morning
captured one thousand Hessians and a large quantity of

40 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

arms with the loss of only four men, two killed and two
frozen to death.

218. What was the effect of this feat?

It was considered the great military exploit of the Rev-
olution. Its effect was electrical. It revived the drooping
spirits of army and people. Recruits flocked to the Amer-
ican standard, and the troops whose terms of enlistment
had expired, agreed to remain. Such brilliant achieve-
ments of Washington astonished the British commander,
and Cornwallis, who was about to return to England under
the impression that the rebellion had been subdued, was
ordered to remain and prepare for a winter’s campaign.

219. Why did Washington choose Christmas night to attack
the Flessians ?

Knowing that the Germans regarded this day as one of
great festivity, he believed they would not expect an
attack, and in the midst of their carousals could be sur-
prised and routed.

220. When and by whom were the islands of Rhode Lsland
captured ?
December 8, 1776, by Sir Peter Parker.

1777:

221. At the opening of the year 1777, how many British
armies were in America?

There were three, one of 35,000 men, under Gen. Howe,
whose headquarters were in New York; one of 7,000 in
Canada, under Sir Guy Carleton; and one of 5,000 in Rhode
Island, commanded by Gen. Prescott.

222. What battle soon followed Washington’s success at
Trenton ?

The battle of Princeton, Jan. 3, 1777, which was one of
the most brilliant contests during the whole war. The

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 41

Americans were successful. That night Washington left
his camp-fires burning to deceive the enemy, and by a
circuitous route passed the British, fell upon the troops
near Princeton, routed them, took three hundred prisoners,
and by rapid marches reached Morristown Heights in
safety.

223. What was Cornwallis’s mistake in connection with
this achievement of Washington ?

He was urged by other officers to attack Washington
that night, but believing it an impossibility for him to
escape, he declined, saying he could ‘catch the fox in the
morning.”” At daybreak the sound of cannon in the
direction of Princeton aroused Gen. Erskine, who ex-
claimed, “To arms, General! Washington has out-
generaled us; let us fly to the rescue at Princeton!”

224. What great compliment was given to Washington
by Frederick the Great of Prussia?

He declared that the achievements of Washington and
his little band, during the six weeks following Christmas,
were the most wonderful recorded on the pages of military
annals.

225. During the summer following the battle of Princeton,
what occurred between the British and Americans ?

Little of importance. Howe waited for an attack, but
finding Washington apparently on the defensive set out to
force an engagement, which by the adroit movements of
the Americans was prevented. Finding these attempts
unsuccessful, Howe suddenly changed his plans, embarked
eighteen thousand men on his brother’s fleet and set sail
for Chesapeake Bay.

226. What was the force of Washington’s army ?

It numbered only eleven thousand men; but with this
small army Washington resolved to hazard a battle for the
defence of Philadelphia.

42 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

227. What noted French Marquis joined the Americans at
this time, and what obstacles did he overcome in order to offer
his services to the American Congress ?

Marquis de La Fayette. He was not yet twenty years
of age and had just married. He had brilliant social
prospects and carried out his plan in defiance of the objec-
tions of his family, the protestations of the British Minister
and the refusal of the king to grant him the necessary per-
mission. Undaunted, he purchased a vessel with his own
money, fitted it out, and, by evading the officers sent to
detain him, crossed the ocean and hurried before Congress,
where he asked permission to serve as a volunteer with-
out pay. His valor won for him a commission as Major-
General before he was twenty-one.

228. When was the battle of Brandywine fought, and who
was victorious ?

September 11, 1777; Washington was defeated, retreat-
ing to Philadelphia.

229. When did Philadelphia surrender to the British ?

September 26, 1777, without opposition.

230. Where did Washington attack the British soon after
his retreat from Philadelphia, and with what result?

At Germantown, October 4, meeting with defeat, and
losing 1,200 men.

231. What was one of the most daring and remarkable
exploits of this period of the war, and how accomplished ?

The seizure of the British General Prescott by Col. Bar-
ton, who, with forty selected soldiers, crossed Narragan-
sett Bay in the night to the island, where the British army
was encamped, proceeded to Gen. Prescott’s lodgings,
captured him and returned.

a. all
ONITED STATES HISTORY. 43

232. What was the chief object of taking Gen. Prescott,
and was tt accomplished ?

To have an officer of equal rank with Gen. Charles Lee,
that an exchange might be effected. The plan was suc-
cessful.

233. Where did the British army go into winter quarters,
and what was their condition in the spring? What did Dr.
franklin wittily remark of them?

At Germantown. ‘The winter was spent in such con-
tinued festivities that they were sadly demoralized. Be-
cause of this demoralization, Franklin said that ‘“‘ Howe
has not taken Philadelphia so much as Philadelphia has
taken Howe.”

234. Who was Lydia Darrach ?

A Quaker woman, who revealed to Washington a plot
that the British had arranged to attack him.

235. What cheering offset to Washington’s defeat greeted
the Americans?

The brilliant achievements of the Americans in the
north.

236. Who invaded the United States from Canada?

Gen. Burgoyne, with 10,000 British troops and Indians.

237. What success did he have?

He captured Forts Crown Point, Ticonderoga and Ed-
ward, and the supplies at Whitehall. These successes cre-
ated general consternation among the American colonists.
Militiamen from the neighboring States were rapidly col-
lected, and under the command of Lincoln, Arnold and Mor-
gan, were dispatched to check the advance of the British.

238. Who commanded the northern division of the American
army? Who the British?

Gen. Gates commanded the Americans, and Gen, Bur-
goyne the British.

44 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

239. What stratagem did Arnold resort to, in order to rout
the British, and relieve Fort Stanwix ?

He sent a half-witted boy into the camp of the British,
who spread the report that a large body of Americans was
close at hand. When asked their number, he could only
answer by pointing to the leaves of the trees. The In-
dians and the British were so frightened that they fled
immediately.

240. At the battle of Bennington, how did Gen. Stark
inspire his troops, and with what result?

As the British lines were forming for the attack, he
exclaimed: ‘‘There are the red coats! We must beat
them to-day, or Mollie Stark is a widow.” ‘They gained a
victory, and took six hundred prisoners.

241. What battles were fought by Gates and Burgoyne?
Who won them?

The two battles of Stillwater, or Saratoga, on Septem-
ber 19 and October 7, 1777 ; the Americans were successful.

242. When, where and to whom did Burgoyne surrender?

October 17, 1777, at Saratoga, to Gen. Gates.

243. What was the agreement in this surrender?

That the British should give up their arms and ammuni-
tion, return to England, and engage no more in the war.

244. Ln this campaign, what noted foreigner tendered his
assistance ‘to fightas a volunteer for American independence” ?

Gen. Kosciusko, a Pole of noble birth.

245. What patriotic remark did Gen. Stark make when

informed, after the battle of Bennington, that one of his five
sons had been unfortunate ?

“Has he proved a coward or a traitor?”’ ‘Worse than
that,” was the answer; ‘he has fallen, but while bravely
fighting.” ‘ Ah!” said the father, “then I am satisfied.”

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 45

246. What was the Conway Cabal plot?

A plot, originating in Congress, to put Washington out
of command of the army. When the people heard of it
they were so indignant that those who proposed it were
glad to sink into silence.

247. When did Congress adopt the Articles of Confedera-
tion?

In November, 1777:

248. Where did Washington quarter his troops during the
Winter of 1777-1778, and what was their condition?

In Valley Forge. The men were encamped in cold,
comfortless huts, with little or no clothing. Many were
barefooted, few had blankets, and straw could not be
obtained. Sickness attacked the camp, and for want of
suitable food and medicines many of the sufferers died.

1778.

249. What move was now made by England to effect a
reconciliation ?

They sent commissioners with liberal proposals, but the
day was past for any negotiation which did not recognize
the colonies free and independent.

250. When Gen. Reed, of Pennsylvania, was offered ten
thousand guineas and high honors to seek a negotiation of
peace, what did he say?

“JT am not worth purchasing; but such as I am, the
king of Great Britain is not rich enough to buy me!”

251. Who were appointed by Congress to solicit aid from
the French government?

Benjamin Franklin, Silas Dean and Arthur Lee.

252. When and where was the treaty of alliance formed?

At Paris, February 6,1778. It was ratified by Congress
May 4.

My «
46 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

253. What assistance was sent by France in the spring?
A French fleet under Count d’Estaing.

254. LHow long did the British hold Philadelphia?
About nine months, withdrawing their forces June 18,
1778.

255. Where did Congress assemble while the British held
Philadelphia?

At Lancaster and York, Pennsylvania.

256. When and where was the battle of Monmouth fought,
and who were victorious? What heroic achievement was
performed by a woman in this battle?

June 28, 1778, in the eastern part of New Jersey. Both
parties claimed the victory, but the British withdrew their
troops. The day was sultry and hot. During this battle
an artilleryman was shot at his post. His wife, Mary
Pitcher, saw him fall, and hearing the commander order
the piece to be removed from the field, she hastened to
the cannon, seized the rammer, and with great skill and
courage performed her husband’s duty.

257. How was Mary Pitcher rewarded by Congress for her
courage and patriotism?

She was voted a sergeant’s warrant with half-pay during
her life.

258. What is said of Gen. Charles Lee at the battle of
Monmouth?

Gen. Lee, in conducting the attack, became alarmed and
ordered a retreat, which threw the troops into confusion.
Washington coming up ordered a halt, bitterly rebuked
Lee, and by his personal influence rallied the men and
sent them back against the enemy. Lee being thus re-
buked, wrote indignant letters to Washington, who gave
them to Congress, who suspended Lee from the army. Lee
retired to his estate and never rejoined the army.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 47

259. Describe the campaign in Rhode Island.

A combined attack on Newport was agreed upon by
Gen. Sullivan and Count d’Estaing with the French fleet.
Soon after the arrival of d’Estaing in Narragansett Bay,
Howe appeared off the harbor with the English fleet. An
engagement was about to begin, when a terrible storm
came up and both fleets were badly damaged, and retreated
for repairs. Sullivan, being thus deserted, was obliged to
retreat to prevent an encounter with Gen. Clinton, who
came from New York with reinforcements.

260. When did the massacre of Wyoming occur, and who
directed it ?

July 3, 1778, under the direction of John Butler and
Joseph Brandt at the head of 1,600 Tories and Indians.

261. Describe this massacre.

After the capture of the forts the Indians perpetrated
the most barbarous massacre which their savage cruelty
could devise, sparing neither women nor children and
slaughtering the aged with the young. The entire valley
was ablaze with burning buildings, and nothing that could
be destroyed was allowed to remain.

1779-
262. Who had charge of the American forces in the South
in 1779, and who of the British?

Gen. Lincoln commanded the Americans, Gen. Provost
the British.
263. At this time, where were Washington and Clinton?

In the Northern States.

264. Whatimportant posts on the Hudson were surrendered
to the Americans in 1779?

Stony Point and Paulus Hook.

48 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

265. How were these posts taken, and by whom?

Gen. Wayne, in the night of July 15, with unloaded guns
and fixed bayonets, attacked Stony Point, carrying the
works. Paulus Hook was surprised and taken by Major
Lee on July 19. ;

266. What was the result of the American attack on
Savannah?

A great loss to the American and French forces.

267. Ln the siege of Savannah, what nobleman was mor-
tally wounded?

The Polish Count Pulaski.

268. Up to this time, what had been the success of the
American navy and privateers?

They had captured more than five hundred ships; they
had even cruised among the British Isles, and entering
harbors seized and burned ships lying at the English
and Scottish wharves.

269. Who was John Paul Jones ?

A successful commander of the naval forces. His most
memorable exploit occurred off the coast of Scotland, ~
where his Bon Homme Richard captured the British
Serapis. As the enemy carried the heavier guns, he lashed
the two vessels together, and for two hours the crews
fought hand to hand with musket, pike and cutlass. The
Bon Homme Richard was worse damaged than the British
suspected ; but just as she was about to sink, the captain
of the Serapis struck his colors, and Jones transferred his
men to the captured frigate and sailed off with her.

270. During this year, what attack was made by Gen.
Sullivan?

He was ordered by Washington to attack the Indians
on the frontiers of New York and Pennsylvania. The

UNITED STATES HISTORY. . , 49

savages were everywhere defeated and forty of their
villages were burned.

271. What was the condition of the country at the close of
the year 17702

There was a very despondent feeling. The Americans
had gained no decisive victory, while the British had ob-
tained control of much important territory. The finances
of the government, also, were in a sad condition.

272. What was Continental money?

The paper currency issued by Congress. This issue
amounted to $200,000,000, and became so depreciated
that $40 in bills were worth only ¢r in specie.

1780.
273. ln 1780, where were the military operations mostly
carried on ?

In South Carolina.

274. What was the result of the siege of Charleston?

Gen. Lincoln was forced to surrender his troops, 2,000
in number, May 12, 1780.

275. Who succeeded Lincoln in the command of the Southern
forces, and who had command of the British?

Gen. Horatio Gates succeeded Lincoln, and Lord Corn-
wallis had command of the British.

276. When and where was the battle of Camden, who com-
manided, and who was victorious?

Near Camden, South Carolina, August 16, 1780. The
armies were commanded by Gates and Cornwallis, the
Americans being defeated with a loss of 2,000 men.

277. Who received command of the Southern army after
the unsuccessful operations of Gen. Gates?

Gen. Nathaniel Greene.

50 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

278. What massacre was perpetrated by Col. Tarleton
and his British troops?

The massacre of Maxhaw Creek, where a body of 400
Americans were surprised, and after surrendering were
massacred.

279. What was the condition of the South after these re-
verses ?

As the States had been overrun by the British, there was
no organized resistance to them.

280. What fleet came to assist the Americans in July?

A French fleet under the Chevalier de Ternay and Count
de Rochambeau with 6,000 troops.

281. Who was Benedict Arnold?

An American traitor, who secretly agreed to betray West
Point into the hands of the British.

282. Who was Major André?

A British officer, who was sent by Clinton to negotiate
with Arnold.

283. What were the names of the captors of André, and
how were they rewarded?

John Paulding, David Williams and Isaac Van Wart.
Each received a pension of $200 for life and a silver medal
bearing on one side the motto, “ Fidelity,” and on the
other, “The love of country conquers.”

284. What were the words of Washington when the proofs
of Arnold’s treason were placed in his hands?
“Whom can we trust now?”

285. What became of Arnold and André?

Arnold escaped to the British lines. André was hanged
as a spy, at Tappan, N. J., October 2, 1780,

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 51

286. How was Arnold rewarded for his treachery?

He received about $30,000, a colonelcy in the British
army, and the contempt of everybody.

287. Who rendered gallant assistance in the South in the
lawless attacks of the Tories, and often successfully routed
small detachments of the British soldiers?

Marion, Sumter, Pickens and Lee.

288. What can be said of the courage, privations and hard-
ships of these men ?

They were brave and patriotic, fighting without pay,
food or clothing. They bore all the hardships and pri-
vations of warfare without a murmur. A British officer
who was sent to negotiate with Marion for an exchange of
prisoners was asked to dine with him. Finding the fare to
consist only of roasted potatoes and salt, and that his host
had neither bed nor blanket, he was so affected by this de-
votion to liberty that he resigned his commission, declaring
that he would never fight against a cause with such de-
fenders.

289. What was the condition of the British armies at the
close of the year 1780?

They had two large armies well equipped : one under Sir
Henry Clinton, with headquarters at New York, and the
other in the south under Lord Cornwallis.

290. What valuable assistance was rendered by Robert
Morris, of Philadelphia?

He gave three million rations to the soldiers. He loaned
large sums of money, and even pledged his entire property
as credit for the government. He also organized soldiers’
relief associations, where private subscriptions were re-
ceived, clothing was made, and encouragement given to
renewed enlistment by soldiers whose time had expired.
This patriot, so often the main support of Washington,

52 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

lost his fortune in his oid age, and was confined in prison
for debt.

1781-1788.

291. When and where was the battle of Cowpens fought,
and who was victorious?

January 17, 1781, in South Carolina. The Americans
under Gen. Morgan were successful, with a loss of only
80 men. The enemy's loss was 800.

292. What successful operations were conducted by Gen.
Greene in September?

He attacked the British at Eutaw Springs, Septem-
ber 8, and so crippled the enemy that they retired toward
Charleston.

293. Did Gen. Greene ever gain a decided victory?
No; but his defeats had all the effects of success, and

Congress voted him the highest honors for his prudence,
wisdom and valor.

294. How was the war conducted at the North?

With great brutality. Arnold, who had command of a
British force, in Connecticut, burned much private as well
as public property, and Cornwallis, after arriving and tak-
ing command, destroyed ¢10,000,000, worth of property.

295. What event brought the war to a close?

The surrender of Cornwallis at Yorktown.

296. When and to whom did Cornwallis surrender?
October 19, 1781, to Gen. Washington.

297. When and where was the treaty of peace signed, ana
_who were the commissioners who signed it?

September 3, 1783, at Paris. The American commis-
sioners were John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Henry
Laurens and John Jay. The British commissioners were
Messrs. Fitzherbert and Oswald.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 53

298. When was peace proclaimed to the American army ?

April 19, 1783, just eight years after the battle of
Lexington.

299. Where and when did Washington resign his miutary
commission?

December 23, 1783, before Congress, which was as-
sembled at Annapolis, Md. He then returned to his home
at Mt. Vernon, Virginia.

300. What was the condition of the country at this time?

The Articles of Confederation did not meet the needs of
the hour. Bitter jealousy existed between the several States
with regard to each other and the general government.
Continental money was much depreciated, and universal
bankruptcy seemed almost inevitable.

301. What notable foreigners gave their assistance to the
Americans}

The Marquis de La Fayette, Count de Grasse, Count de
Rochambeau, Count d’Estaing, Count Pulaski and Cheva-
lier de Ternay.

302. What was the cause of the Shays Rebellion?

In New England a large body of people refused to pay
their taxes, and openly threatened to overturn the govern.
ment. The rebellion, led by Daniel Shays, was put down
by troops under Gen. Lincoln.

303. When was the national flag adopted? Describe it.

In 1777, by Congress. ‘It is composed of thirteen stripes,
alternate red and white, with a field of blue in the upper
flag-staff corner, on which there is a star for every State.
The breadth is two-thirds its length.

304. When was the Constitution adopted?
In 1788.

54 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

305. After the adoption of the Constitution, where did Con-
gress first meet?

At New York, in April, 1789.

306. What were the difficulties with which the new govern-
ment had to contend?

The treasury was empty, and the United States had no
credit ; the Indians were hostile; pirates from the Barbary
States preyed upon our commerce; Spain refused us the
navigation of the Mississippi; England had not sent a
Minister to our government, nor had she made a treaty of
commerce with us.

WASHINGTON’S ADMINISTRATION — 1789-1797.

307. When was Washington inaugurated President of the
United States?

At New York, April 30, 1789.

308. Where was the second session of Congress held?

At Philadelphia, in 1790, where the seat of government
was to remain until 1800.

309. When did the city of Washington become the capital
of the United States ?

In 1800.

310. Who composed Washington's Cabinet?

Jefferson was Secretary of State; Hamilton, Secretary
of the Treasury ; Knox, Secretary of War; and Randolph,
Attorney-General.

311. How was the credit of the United States put upon a
firm basis?

By the advice of Hamilton, taxes were levied on im-
ported goods and on distillation of spirits, and a mint and
national bank were established at Philadelphia.

UNITED STATES HISTORY, 55

312. What did Daniel Webster say of Hamilton?

“He smote the rock of the national resources, and
abundant streams of revenue burst forth. He touched the
dead corpse of public credit, and it sprang upon its feet.”

313. Who was appointed Minister to the United States
from France? Why was he recalled?

Citizen Genet, in 1793. ‘The war which broke out be-
tween France and England induced Genet to try to rouse
the American people to espouse the cause of France, and
he even went so far as to fit out privateers in the ports of
the United States to prey upon British commerce. Wash-
ington had great trouble in preserving neutrality. He
saw that the true American policy was to keep free from
European entanglements, and therefore demanded the re-
call of Genet.

314. What great calamity visited the people of America in
August, 1793?

The yellow fever broke out in Philadelphia, and raged
with such virulence that within three months, out of a
population of 60,000, no less than 4,000 perished.

315. What was the Whiskey Rebellion?

The inhabitants in Western Pennsylvania were deter-
mined that no tax should be paid on whiskey, and they
were so well organized that fifteen thousand troops had to
be called out to subdue them.

316. What difficulties now arose with the Indians, and
what expeditions were sent against them?

The early settlers of Ohio were much annoyed by their
depredations, and Gens. Warner and St. Clair were sent
against them, but were defeated with great slaughter.
Gen. Wayne was now put in command, and in 1794 gained
a complete victory, laying waste the entire Indian country.

56 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

317. What was the condition of foreign affairs?

Difficulties were arising with England in regard to the
collection of debts in America and the impressment of our
seamen. <A treaty was made with Spain securing to the
United States the free navigation of the Mississippi and
fixing the boundary of Florida.

318. What treaty was made with England in regard to
English debts? How was this treaty received by the American
people?

Chief Justice Jay was sent as envoy extraordinary to
England, where he negotiated a treaty which was ratified
by the Senate in 1795 after a violent opposition. ‘This
treaty recognized the right to collect debts in the United
States, but did not forbid the impressment of American
seamen, a source of bitter complaint.

319. What two political parties were now organized?
Who were the leaders of these parties?

The Republican party under the leadership of Jefferson,
Madison and Randolph, and the Federalist party by Hamil-
ton and Adams.

320. What were the principles advocated by these parties?

The Federalists favored the granting of broad powers to
the general government, which they thought ought to be
strong, while the Republicans, fearing lest the strength of
the government should lead to a monarchy, advocated
State rights as a safeguard against the usurpation of power.
They also opposed the United States Bank, the English
treaty and the assumption of the States’ debts by the gen-
eral government. In the campaign preceding the election
of John Adams to the Presidency the Federalists were ac-
cused of being the friends of Great Britain and the Re-
publicans the friends of France. The Republicans declared
themselves the only true friends of the people, and stig-
matized all others as aristocrats and monarchists. _ .

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 57

321. By what majority was Adams elected?

By a majority of two electoral votes over Jefferson, the
Republican candidate, who became Vice-President.

ADAMS’ ADMINISTRATION — 1797-1801.
322. When was Adams inaugurated President?
March 4, 1797.

323. During Adams’ administration what were the most
memorable occurrences ?

The passage of the Alien and Sedition Laws, and difficul-
ties with France.

324. What were the Alien and Sedition Laws?

The Alien Law authorized the President to expel from
the country any foreigner whom he deemed injurious to
the United States. Under the Sedition Law, anyone
libeling Congress, the President or the government could
be fined or imprisoned.

325. What difficulties sprang up between this country and
France, and what prevented war between them?

Our flag was insulted, our vessels were captured, and our
envoys were refused audience by the French government.
Hostilities were begun on the seas, but when Napoleon
became First Consul of France the difficulty ceased. Peace
was declared in 1800.

326, Why was France so hostile to the United States when
she had previously rendered such valuable services?

Having rendered us assistance, many of her people be-

_ lieved that we should return her favors, and, becoming

desperate in her home difficulties, she sought revenge.

Our demand for the recall of Genet the French people con-
sidered an insult to them.

58 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

327. In the midst of these excitements what memorable
event occurred?

The death of George Washington, December 14, 1799,
at Mount Vernon, aged sixty-seven years.

328. When was the seat of government removed from
Philadelphia to Washington?

In the year 1800.

329. What was the political feeling during the Adams
administration ?

Strong party feeling prevailed throughout the administra-
tion. The unpopularity of the Alien and Sedition Laws
resulted in the success of the Republican candidates at
the next Presidential election.

330. Who were candidates in the campaign of 1800?

Adams and Pinckney for the Federalists. Thomas Jef-
ferson and Aaron Burr for the Republicans.

331. What tie vote occurred in this election?

One between Jefferson and Burr.

JEFFERSON’S ADMINISTRATION.

332. How was Thomas Jefferson elected President?

There being no election by the people, he was elected
by Congress on the thirty-sixth ballot.

333. What was the most important event of Jefferson’s
administration?

The purchase of Louisiana from Napoleon for $15,000,000.
This secured more than one million square miles of land,
and full possession of the Mississippi. The tract sold
to us had just been ceded by Spain to France.

334. What was the cause of the war with Tripoli?

American commerce suffered greatly from the pirates of

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 59

the Barbary States. They held the crews of captured ves-
sels until ransomed. The war occurred in 1805.

335. What daring exploit was accomplished by Lieut.
Decatur?

The frigate Philadelphia, running aground while in the
harbor of Tripoli, had fallen into the hands of the Bashaw.
Decatur entered the harbor with a small vessel, apparently
in distress, and concealing his men below, boarded the
Philadelphia by surprise, swept the crew into the sea, set
the ship afire, and amid a tremendous cannonade from the
batteries escaped without the loss of a man.

336. What difficulties arose between England and the
United States?

England claimed the right of stopping American vessels
on the high seas, searching for seamen of English birth
and pressing them into the British navy. Accordingly the
British frigate Leopold fired into the American frigate
Chesapeake off the coast of Virginia, and her commander,
going aboard, seized four of the crew, three of whom were
Americans by birth. They were carried off on the pre-
tense that they were deserters.

337. What was the American doctrine in regard to na-
turalized foreigners? What the English doctrine?

The Americans claimed that a foreigner, when natural-
ized, became an American and entitled to the same protec-
tion as any other citizen. The English doctrine was
“Once an Englishman, always an Englishman.”

338. After the capture of the Chesapeake, what did Jef-
Jerson order?

That all British war vessels should quit the waters of the
United States.

339. What was the “ Embargo Act”?

A Resolution of Congress forbidding American vessels

60 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

to leave port. As this was so injurious to our commerce
the restriction was removed, but all intercourse between
England and France was forbidden.

340. What was the Milan Decree?

A decree of Napoleon for the confiscation of all vessels
which submitted to search by an English ship, or paid
tribute.

341. What @eplorable meeting occurred between Aaron
Burr and Alexander Hamilton?

A duel in which Hamilton was killed. This occurred in
July, 1804, and was greatly lamented by the American
people.

342. What was “ Burrs Conspiracy”?

In 1806 Aaron Burr was arrested for an alleged attempt
to set up an independent government west of the Alle-
ghanies. He was tried for treason, but acquitted. Un-
doubtedly his ambition was to be president of a separate
republic, to conquer Mexico and establish a strong gov-
ernment.

343. For what is Robert Fulton noted?

For inventing the steamboat. The first trial trip was
made from New York to Albany in 1807.

344. At the close of Jefferson’s second term, what was the
political sentiment of each party?

The bitterness existing between the United States and
England was fast moving toward war. The Republicans,
under the leadership of James Madison, advocated the en-
forcement of American rights, while the Federalists were
opposed to a war policy.

345. When was James Madison inaugurated President?

March 4, 1809.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 61

MADISON’S ADMINISTRATION — 1809-1817.

346. What Indian disturbances occurred in the year 1811?
British emissaries had aroused the Indians to war, and
Tecumseh formed a confederacy of the Northwestern tribes.
Gen. William H. Harrison was sent against them, and at
the battle of Tippecanoe routed them with great slaughter.

347. What acts did England continue to commit against
the United States, and with what result?

They continued to impress our seamen, capture our
ships, and even went so far as to send war vessels into our
waters and seize our ships as prizes. ‘The British govern-
ment refusing to cease this offensive course, all hope of
peace was abandoned and our people prepared for war.

348. When was war formally declared against Great
Britain, and how long did it last?

War was declared June 19, 1812, and lasted two years
and a half.

WAR OF 1812.

349. What was the opening event of the war of 1812?

Our government proposed to invade Canada. Accord-
ingly Gen. Hull crossed over from Detroit; but, learning
that the British and Indians were gathering to attack him,
he retreated, pursued by a force of British under Gen.
Brock and of Indians under Tecumseh.

350. Describe the surrender of Detroit.

As Gen. Brock marched to attack the fort, Hull seemed
to lose all presence of mind and to fear the risk of a battle.

He raised the white flag, surrendered Detroit with its
garrisons and stores, and the whole of Michigan, without
even stipulating for the honors of war.

351. What other attempt was made to invade Canada, and
with what result?

In October of the same year Gen. Van Rensselaer sent

62 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

a small body of men across the Niagara River to attack the
British at Queenstown Heights. The enemy were driven
from their position and Gen. Brock was killed. Gen. Van
Rensselaer now returned to bring over the rest of his
army, but the militia had lost their courage and refused to
go. The troops on the Canadian shore, thus abandoned,
were compelled to surrender.

352. What were some of the most important naval victories
for the Americans in 1812?

The capture of the Guerriere by the Constitution,
August 19; of the Frolic by the Wasp, October 18; of the
Macedonian by the United States, October 25; and of
the Java by the Constitution, December 29.

353. During this year, how many prizes were captured by
the Americans ¢
More than three hundred.

354. What effect did these remarkable naval victories have
upon the people?

They aroused great enthusiasm and inspired confidence.
Enlistments became rapid, and the course of the govern-
ment was generally approved. In the midst of these suc-
cesses Madison was re-elected with but little opposition.

1813.
355. What was the plan of the campaign of 1813?

Three armies were raised with the intention of invading
Canada. The division under Harrison was sent to the
west shore of Lake Erie; the division under Dearborn be-
tween Erie and Ontario; and Hampden’s division was
stationed on the shore of Lake Champlain.

356. What successes had these divisions ?

They accomplished but little. :

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 63

357. Describe Perry's victory on Lake Erie.

The American fleet consisted of nine vessels carrying
fifty-four guns, and the British fleet of six vessels with
sixty-three guns. Perry’s flag-ship, the Lawrence, engaged
two of the heaviest vessels of che enemy, and fought until
but eight of his men were left. Leaving the Lawrence he
passed to the Niagara in a rowboat, and within fifteen
minutes after mounting her deck won the victory.

358. What daring exploit was performed by Perry?

While he was hastening from the Lawrence to the Ni-
agara the enemy’s guns were directed upon him; but, al-
though he passed within pistol-shot of the British, he
escaped without injury. :

359. Ln writing to Gen. Harrison of the victory gained,
what memorable words did Perry use?

‘‘We have met the enemy, and they are ours.”

360. What course did Harrison pursue after hearing of the
Erie engagement ?

Harrison was at Sandusky Bay preparing to invade Ca-
nada, and at the news of this victory crossed the lake and
landed at Malden, where on his approach the British re-
treated. They were overtaken on the banks of the Thames
River and compelled to surrender. In this engagement
Tecumseh was killed.

361. What were the principal American naval victories in
1813?

The capture of the Peacock by the Hornet, February 24;
of the Boxer by the Enterprise, September 5; of Barkley’s
fleet by Perry’s fleet, September ro.

362. What were the important British naval victories in
1813?

The capture of the Chesapeake by the Shannon, and of
the Argus by the Pelican.

64 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

363. Jn what engagement, and by whom, was used the
sentence, “Don’t give up the ship”?

It was the last command of Capt. Lawrence as he was

carried below decks during the engagement between the
Chesapeake and Shannon.

364. What Indian disturbances occurred, and who was
sent to punish them?

The Alabama Indians arose, fell upon Fort Mims and
massacred the garrison. Gen. Jackson took command
and drove them from place to place; and at Horseshoe
Bend, where they had fortified themselves, the soldiers
with fixed bayonets scaled their breastworks, and a des-
perate battle ensued. Six hundred Creeks were killed.
Those who escaped were glad to make peace on any terms.

36s. What ravages were committed by Admiral Cockburn ?

Early in the spring Cockburn began devastating the
southern coast. In Virginia and the Carolinas he burned
bridges, farm-houses and villages, robbed the inhabitants,
plundered churches, and murdered the sick in their beds.

1814.

366. Ln the third invasion of Canada, what battles were
fought?

The Americans attacked the British at Chippewa, July 5,
and gained a brilliant victory. A second engagement was
at Lundy’s Lane, July 25.

367. Describe the battle of Lundy’s Lane.

It was one of the bloodiest battles of the war. Gen.
Scott commanded the American force of one thousand
men, and maintained the unequal contest until dark. A
battery located on a height was the key to the British
position. Scott asked Col. Miller if he could take it.
“T’ll try, sir,” was the reply. The battery was taken.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 65

Three times the British rallied for its recapture, buc were
unsuccessful. This victory, though glorious to the Ameri-
can arms, was barren of direct results.

368. Give a description of the battle of Lake Champlain.

In this contest the British fleet on Lake Champlain
attacked the American squadron under Conrmodore
McDonough, and was nearly annihilated. Prevost, with
twelve thousand men, advanced against Plattsburg, but
when he found that his ships were lost he fled, leaving his
sick and wounded and large quantities of military stores.

369. What were some of the ravages of the British on the
Atlantic coast?

Gen. Ross marched to Washington, captured the city,
burned the Capitol and other public buildings, with lib-
raries and records, and several private dwellings.

370. How did the term “ Hartford Convention Federalists”
originate ?

A convention of Federalists from the New England States
met at Hartford, December 15, 1814, and bitterly opposed
the administration because of its mode of conducting the
war. The meeting was branded with odium by the friends
of the administration, and the name “ Hartford Convention
Federalist” was long used as a term of reproach.

371. Where and when were the articles of peace signed ?

At Ghent, December 24, 1814.

1815.
372. After this treaty, what terrible battle was fought, and
with what loss ?
The battle of New Orleans, January 8. Gen. Jackson

commanded the American forces, numbering 6,000, and
Gen. Pakenham commanded the British, numbering 12,000.

66 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

The American loss was seven killed and seven wounded.
The British loss was 2,500.

373. What was the national debt at this time ?

$ 127,000,000.

374. At the close of Madison’s term of office, what was the
political feeling?

The Federalist party was practically broken up by its
opposition to the war, and James Monroe, the Republican
candidate for President, was almost unanimously elected.
He was generally beloved, and all parties united in his
support.

375. When was James Monroe inaugurated ?

March 4, 1817.

MONROE’S ADMINISTRATION — 1817-1825.
376. What was the Missouri compromise?
A bill introduced by Henry Clay defining the limits of

slavery ; it provided that all States north of latitude 36° 30’
and all Territories west of the Mississippi should be free.

377. What foreigner visited this country as “The Nation's
Guest’?

La Fayette, in 1824.
378. What was the nature of the Monroe doctrine?

It was a declaration by President Monroe that any at-
tempt by a European nation to gain domination on Ameri-
can soil would be considered by the United States as an
unfriendly act.

379. How was Florida obtained?

By a treaty with Spain, in 1819.

380. What political parties were now before the people ?

The Whig party, which was formed in Jackson’s time,
was fast coming to the front as an opponent to the Repub-

ONMTED STATES HISTORY. 67

lican party, which about this time changed its name to
Democratic. ‘The Whigs were in favor of a protective tar-
iff and a general system of internal improvements. The
Democrats opposed these measures. John Quincy Adams
and Henry Clay were the champions of the Whigs, and
Andrew Jackson and John C. Calhoun of the Democrats.

381. What was the origin of the term “loco-foco”’ ?

It was a name applied to the Democratic party in 1835
in consequence of the outbreak of a quarrel in a Democratic
meeting, where the lights were all put out, and but for
the loco-foco or lucifer matches which some of the mem-
bers carried in their pockets it would have been necessary
to adjourn the proceedings.

382. What ts a protective tariff ?

A system of duties on imported goods for the purpose of
encouraging home manufactures.

383. flow was John Quincy Adams elected President

There were four candidates, and no clear majority of
votes was obtained for any one of them. Adams was
therefore chosen by the House of Representatives.

J. Q. ADAMS’S ADMINISTRATION — 1825-1829.

384. What important events occurred during Adams’s ad-
ministration ?

The first railroad was completed and the Erie Canal was
opened.

385. Where was the first railroad built in the Unitec
States, and when?

From Albany to Schenectady, New York, in 1833. <A
short line had been built in Maryland, in 1828.

386. How long is the Erie Canal?
About 363 miles.

68 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

387. Why was the“ American System” (a protective tariff)
popular in the East and unpopular in the South?

Protection for the East meant shutting out foreign
manufactures from a direct competition with Eastern
manufactured products; while in the South, agriculture
being the chief pursuit, the people there desired manufac-
tured goods brought to them as cheaply as possible.

388. Why was Adams not elected to a second term of office?

Because of the policy of protection advocated by his
party.

389. Who succeeded Adams?

Andrew Jackson, who was inaugurated on March 4,
1829.

390. When and by whom was the corner-stone of Bunker
fill Monument laid?

By Gen. La Fayette, on the fiftieth anniversary of the
battle, June 17; 1825.

JACKSON’S ADMINISTRATION — 1829-1837.

391. What was the character of Jackson’s administration?

Inflexible honesty and sturdiness of purpose.

392. What was his idea of “rotation in office”?

Jackson at once set out to surround himself with his
political friends, and turn his political opponents out of
their places under government. During his first year as
President there were nearly seven hundred removals from
office, not including subordinate clerks, while in the forty
years preceding there had been but seventy-four.

393. What was the Nullification Ordinance, and who were
the strongest supporters ?

It was an ordinance adopted by the State of South
Carolina, declaring that the tariff laws were “null and

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 69

void,” and that South Carolina would secede from the
Union if force should be employed to collect any revenue.
John C. Calhoun and Robert Y. Hayne were its most
prominent supporters.

394. What action did Jackson take?

He issued a proclamation announcing his determination
to execute the laws, and ordered troops under Gen. Scott
to Charleston.

395. What was Henry Clay’s “Compromise Bill”?

In order to prevent an open rupture between South
Carolina and the government, Clay advocated a general
reduction of the tariff. This compromise was accepted by
both sides, and quiet was restored.

396. Who said “1 would rather be right than President,”
and why did he say it?

It was an expression of Henry Clay when his friends
insisted that to advocate the compromise would lessen his
chances for the Presidency. ‘This step demanded great
moral courage, as it required a partial surrender of his
cherished theories of protection and an open breach with
many political friends.

397. What important bill did Jackson veto during his first
term? What did he do in 1833 in regard to the public funds
of the United States ?

He vetoed the bill renewing the charter of the United
States Bank. In 1833 he withdrew the public funds from
this bank and deposited them in local banks. Owing to
the withdrawal of this money the bank contracted its
loans, money became scarce among the people and com-
mercial distress followed. The measure excited violent
clamor, but Jackson was sustained by the Democratic
majority in the House of Representatives. When the

70 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

money was deposited in the local banks, it became easy to
borrow, and speculation extended to every branch of trade.

398. What can be said of speculation at this time?

Land speculation was the great mania of the times.
New cities were laid out in the wilderness, fabulous prices
were charged for building-lots, and fortunes seemed to be
within reach of everyone. ‘These schemes, which existed
only on paper, at last came to a disastrous collapse.

399: What Indian troubles occurred during Jackson’s ad-
ministration ?

The Black Hawk war broke. out in the Northwest
Territory. After some skirmishing the Indians were driven
off and their leader, Black Hawk, was captured. A war
with the Florida Seminoles, also, grew out of an attempt
to move them, in accordance with a treaty, to lands west
of the Mississippi.

400. What demands were made of the French government?

They had promised to pay $5,000,000 for damages to
our commerce during Napoleon’s war. Jackson urged
Congress to make reprisals on French ships. By the
mediation of England, the account was settled and war
prevented.

401. What were the leading principles of the Democratic
party in the election of Martin Van Buren? Who was the
Whig candidate?

No United States Bank; no protective tariff. Gen.
Harrison was the Whig candidate.

VAN BUREN’S ADMINISTRATION — 1837-1841.

402. What were some of the memorable events during Van
Buren’s administration ?

The financial crisis of 1837, and the Patriot war.

UNITED STATES HISTORY: yi

403. What were some of the causes of the financial crisis?

(1) The specie circular, which was issued by Jackson,
directing that payments for public lands should be made
in gold and silver.

(2) The order of Congress that the surplus public
money, amounting to about $28,000,000, be withdrawn
from the local banks and distributed among the States.
The banks could not meet this demand.

(3) Heavy importations of European goods, which had
to be paid for in gold and silver.

(4) A terrible fire in New York City on the night of
December 16, 1835, which burned six hundred valuable
stores, and property to the amount of $18,000,000.

404. Mention some results of this crisis.

Business men could not pay their debts and failures
were an every-day occurrence. In New York City alone
during March and April, the failures amounted to more
than ¢100,000,000. Property of all kinds declined in
value. Eight of the States became wholly or partly bank-
rupt, and even the United States government could not pay
its indebtedness. Consternation seized all classes, confi-
dence was destroyed and trade stood still.

405. What was the Patriot war?

The Canadian rebellion against England.

406. What occurred during the Patriot war?

This revolt stirred the sympathies of the Americar.
people. Meetings were held, volunteers offered and arms
contributed. The President issued a proclamation, anc
Gen. Scott was sent to the frontier to preserve the peace.
American filibusters took possession of Navy Island, in
the Niagara River, but were dislodged by British troops.
The steamer Caroline was taken by British troops and
sent, with her crew, over the Falls.

Ge. COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

407. What disturbance occurred between Maine and New
Brunswick ?

The people on both sides threatened to take up arms to
support their respective claims as to the boundary lines.
For some time there was great peril of a war with England,
but the matter was settled during Tyler’s administration
by what is called the Ashburton treaty of 1842, Lord
Ashburton and Daniel Webster acting as commissioners.

408. At the close of Van Buren’s administration, what was
the prevalent political feeling?

The financial difficulties had weakened the faith of the
people in the Democratic party, and Van Buren failed of
re-election.

409. Which party was now successful?

The Whig party elected William Henry Harrison by an
immense majority.

HARRISON AND TYLER’S ADMINISTRATION — 1841-1845.

410. How long did Harrison remain in office, and who suc-
ceeded him?

One month. .He was succeeded by the Vice-President,
John Tyler.

411. Did Tyler carry out the principles of the party which
elected him?

He did not.

412. What bill was vetoed by Tyler, to the great disgust of
the Whigs?
A bill for establishing a United States Bank.

413. What was the cause of the Dorr Rebellion?

The people of Rhode Island organized by force under a
new constitution and elected a man named Dorr, Governor.
Dorr was arrested, tried for treason, and imprisoned, but
afterwards pardoned.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 73

414. What were the Anti-Rent difficulties ?

The tenants on some of the old patroon estates in New
York refused to pay their rent. Assuming the disguise of
Indians, they tarred and feathered those who paid rent, and
even killed the officers who served warrants upon them.

415. What occurred in relation to the Mormons?

They were settled at Nauvoo, IIl., but, having incurred
the enmity of the people about them, were compelled to
leave. Joseph Smith, their leader, was killed by a mob.

416. When was Texas admitted into the Union? Why
was their petition at first rejected?

December 27, 1845. She had applied for admission in
1836. The objections to her admission were two: 1st,
her boundary line was in dispute, and if she were annexed
we could hardly hope to escape a war with Mexico; 2d,
Texas held slaves, and if admitted would add another to
the list of slave states.

417. Where was the first telegraph line, and what was the
jirst message sent by it?
From Baltimore to Washington. The message is said to

have been an announcement of the nomination of James
K. Polk for President.

418. When and by whom was the cotton-gin invented?

In 1792, by Eli Whitney; but its full value was not rec-
ognized until the raising of cotton had become an im
portant feature in the agriculture of the Southern States.

419. What was the great political question on which hingea
the campaign for President? Who were the nominees?

The question of annexing Texas. The Whigs, who op-
posed annexation, nominated Clay, and the Democrats, who
favored it, nominated Polk. After a fierce contest Polk
was elected.

74 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

JAMES K. POLK’S ADMINISTRATION — 1845-1849.

420. What were the causes which led to the war with
Mexico?

The annexation of Texas by the United States, and
Mexico’s claim to a certain tract of land.

421. Who had command of the American army?

General Zachary Taylor in 1846, and General Winfield
Scott in 1847. Scott was successful in many engagements,
entering Mexico September 14, 1847.

422. What prominent battles were won by Taylor, and what
by Scott ?

Taylor won the battles of Palo Alto on May 8, Monterey
on September 24, and Buena Vista on February 23, 1847.
General Scott won the battles of Vera Cruz on March 29,
and Cerro Gordo on April 18, and captured the entire
Mexican force in the City of Mexico.

423. Who was John C. Fremont, and what part did he
take in the Mexican war?

He was sent out by the United States government with
a small exploring party to seek a new route to Oregon.
While in California in 1844, he received instructions from
the government to protect the interests of the United
States in that territory. Troops were quickly raised and
the Mexicans were compelled to retire southward. By the
advice of Fremont the American settlers in California de-
clared their independence of Mexico, July 5, 1846.

424. What were the terms of peace between the United
States and Mexico?

A withdrawal of United States troops; that Mexico
should cede to the United States the territories of New
Mexico and Upper California for the sum of $15,000,000,
and pay $3,500,000 due to American claimants.

ONITED STATES HISTORY. 75

425. What was the Wilmot Proviso?

David Wilmot offered in Congress, August, 1846, a bill for-
bidding slavery in any territory which should be acquired
through the Mexican war. This was designed to prohibit
slavery in the territory of Texas. It excited violent debate,
but did not become a law.

426. When was gold discovered in California?

In February, 1848, by Sutter while digging in a mill-race
in the Sacramento Valley.

427. What political parties were now in the field, and who
were nominated by them ¢

There were three parties. The Whigs nominated General
Taylor; the Democrats, Lewis Cass, while the Free-soilers,
who were opposed to the extension of slavery, and believed
that, as Taylor was a slave-holder, the principle of slavery
would be fostered by him, formed a new party and nomin-
ated Martin Van Buren. Taylor was elected.

TAYLOR AND FILLMORE’S ADMINISTRATION — 1849-1853.

428. How long was Taylor in office?

He was inaugurated President March 4, 1849, and died
July 9, 1850, after an illness of only five days.

429. What important question arose at the beginning of
Taylor's administration ?

California applied for admission tothe Union asafreeState.
This brought the question of slavery into intense agitation,
and for a time it seemed as though a terrible crisis was at
hand.

430. What was the Omnibus Bill?

The compromise of 1850, presented by Henry Clay, and
proposing (1) that California should come-in as a free
State; (2) that the territories of Utah and New Mexico
should be formed without any provision concerning slavery ;

76 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

(3) that Texas should be paid $10,000,000 to give up its
claim on the territory of New Mexico; (4) that the slave
trade should be prohibited in the District of Columbia;
and (5) that a Fugitive Slave Law should be enacted.

431. Who was the Great Pacificator ?

Henry Clay, because he was ever ready to surrender part
of his political policy in order to establish peace.

432. What was the Fugitive Slave Law ?

It provided for the return of runaway slaves to their
owners, even if they had escaped to a free State.

433. What ts to be said of the invasion of Cuba?

About five hundred adventurers undertook the annexa-
tion of Cuba to the United States, but were defeated, and
Lopez, the leader, was garrotted at Havana in 1851.

434. What two great men died in 1852?
Henry Clay and Daniel Webster.

435. Who were the candidates in the next Presidential
election, and what policies did the parties advocate?

The Democrats and Whigs declared that they stood by
the provisions of the Omnibus Bill, but the Free-soilers
were outspoken againstit. Franklin Pierce, the Democratic
nominee, was elected by a large majority. Gen. Scott was
the Whig candidate.

PIERCE’S ADMINISTRATION — 1853-1857.

436. What was the Kansas-Nebraska Lill? Who pre-
sented it ?

Its effect was to repeal the Missouri Compromise by
allowing the people of each Territory to decide whether it
should be bond or free. It was proposed by Stephen A.
Douglas, and had direct relation to the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska. It became a law in May, 1854.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 77

437. How did this bill affect the inhabitants of Kansas ?

A bitter contest arose between the pro-slavery and anti-
slavery men. Each party sent bodies of armed emigrants
to the Territory. Disturbances arose, mobs were formed,
houses were attacked and pillaged, citizens were murdered
in cold blood, and for several years Kansas was the scene
of lawless violence.

438. What was the Gadsden Purchase?

A dispute arose between the United States and Mexico
in regard to the boundary line, and Gen. Gadsden nego-
tiated a settlement, whereby ¢10,000,o00 was paid to
Mexico for additional territory along the Gila River.

439. What treaty was made with Japan?

Commodore Matthew Perry’s expedition to Japan in 1854
resulted in a treaty by which that country opened two
ports to the merchants of the United States.

440. What was then the political situation? Who were

r

nominated ?

The compromises of 1820 and 1850 being now abolished,
the slave question became the turning-point of the election.
New party lines were drawn to meet this issue. The
Whig party now ceased to exist, and the Republican party,
absorbing all who opposed the extension of slavery, nom-
inated John C. Fremont, who carried eleven States. The
Democratic party nominated James Buchanan, who was
elected. The Know-Nothing, or American party, organized
to resist the influence of foreigners, carried Maryland, but
its existence was of short duration. Its motto was ‘“‘Amer-
ica for Americans.”

BUCHANAN’S ADMINISTRATION — 1857-1861.

441. What was the Dred Scott Decision?

The Supreme Court of the United States declared that
slave-owners might take their slaves into any State in the

78 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Union without forfeiting authority over them. Dred Scott
was a slave, and claimed freedom on the ground that he
had been taken into free territory.

442. What did John Brown attempt to do?

Being an ardent lover of negro freedom, Brown con-
ceived the wild scheme of taking the law into his own hands
and liberating the slaves. He seized the United States
arsenal at Harper’s Ferry, Virginia, in 1859, and _ pro-
claimed freedom to all the slaves in the neighborhood.
He was taken captive and hanged.

443. Ln the elections of 1860, who were candidates for the
Presidency ?

Abraham Lincoln, Stephen A. Douglas, John C. Breckin-
ridge and John Bell.

444. What did each of the parties advocate ?

The Lincoln party held, that while slavery must be pro-
tected where it was, it ought not to be carried into any
free territory.

The Douglas party favored squatter sovereignty, that is,
the right of each State to decide whether it should exclude
or permit slavery.

The Breckinridge party claimed that any citizen had a
right to migrate to any territory, taking with him any-
thing that was property, including slaves, and that Congress
was bound to protect the rights of slave-holders every-
where.

The Bell party had for its motto: “The Constitution of
the country, the Union of the States and the enforcement
of the laws.”

445. What were the causes which led to the civil war?

The agitation of the slavery question was the chief cause.
The Southern States, believing they had a right to secede
from the Union, seceded, but the Federal government
denying that right, raised armies and enforced its authority.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 79

446. Which State first passed an ordinance of secession?

South Carolina, December 20, 1860.

447. What other States followed this example?
Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas,
Virginia, North Carolina, Arkansas and Tennessee

448. What government was formed by these States, and
when and where was it organized ?

The Confederate States of America, and the form of
government was similar to the government of the United
States. On February 4, 1861, a convention of the seceded
States met at Montgomery, Alabama, and there organized
the Confederacy.

449. Who was elected its President, and when was he in-
augurated ?
Jefferson Davis, who was inaugurated February 4, 1861.

LINCOLN’S ADMINISTRATION — 1861.

450. What event signalized the commencement of the war?
The bombardment of Fort Sumter, in the harbor of
Charleston, S.C.

451. What was the result of this bombardment ?

Fort Sumter fell into the hands of the Confederates
under Beauregard, April 14, 1861. Maj. Anderson, the
commander of Sumter, was permitted to go north with his
men. The effect of this event was electrical. It unified
the North and also the South. Party lines vanished.
The Union men at the South were borne into secession,
while the Republicans and Democrats at the North com-
bined to support the government. ‘The war spirit swept
over the country like wild-fire.

452. What did Lincoln do in regard to troops ?

He issued a requisition for 75,000 troops, and soon
afterward a call for 300,000 volunteers.

80 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

453. Where was the first blood shed in this war?

In Baltimore, April 19, 1861, a mob of Confederate
sympathizers attacked the Sixth Massachusetts regiment
on its way to Washington.

454. What valuable stores were seized by the Confederates?

They seized the United States armory at Harper’s Ferry
and the navy yard at Norfolk. At the latter place there
were twelve ships of war, two thousand cannon, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand pounds of gunpowder, and great
quantities of shot and shell.

455. How did Colonel Elmer FE. Ellsworth meet his death?

After the seizure of Alexandria, Va., Ellsworth, seeing
the Confederate flag still flying from the roof of a hotel,
went up and tore it down. As he descended he was shot
at the foot of the stairs by the landlord, named Jackson,
who in turn fell at the hands of Private Brownell.

456. When was the battle of Bull Run fought, and with
what result ?

July 21, 1861, in Northern Virginia. Gen. McDowell,
in command of the Federals, made the attack, and was
defeated after a severe engagement.

457. What effect had this defeat on the Northern people?

At first they were much disappointed and discouraged ;
then came a renewed determination. Congress voted
¢500,000,000 and five hundred thousand men, and Gen.
McClellan was appointed to the command of the Army of
the Potomac.

458. Give an account of the battle of Balls Bluff.

A party of 2,000 Federals crossed the Potomac at Ball’s
Bluff. They were attacked and forced down the slippery,
clayey bluff, from fifty to one hundred and fifty feet high,
to the river below, where, in trying to escape, many were

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 81

drowned, some were shot, and scarcely half their number
reached the other bank.

459. What commanding officer was killed in this battle?
Col. Baker, United States Senator from Oregon.

460. What was the condition of Missouri?

The State refused to pass an ordinance of secession, yet
an effort was made to preserve an armed neutrality. Lyon
foiled this attempt. Gen. Sigel was defeated in an en-
gagement at Carthage. Gen. Lyon now took command,
and was compelled either to fight superior forces or aban-
don that part of the State. He chose to fight.

461. Where and when was General Lyon killed?

At Wilson’s Creek, August ro, 1861, while gallantly lead-
ing a bayonet charge.

462. What proclamation was issued by Davis, and what
was Lincoln’s response ?

Davis issued a proclamation offering to commission
privateers. Lincoln declared a blockade of the Southern
ports. ;

463. At the beginning of the year 1861, how many vessels
were in the United States Navy? How many were there at
the close of the year ? .

One on the Northern coast, and 42 in the whole United
States Navy. At the close of the year there were 264.

464. What did England and France do by way of encour-
aging the Confederacy ?

They acknowledged the Confederates as belligerents,
thus placing them on the same footing with the supporters
of the government.

465. Who were James M. Mason and John Slidell?

Southern commissioners sent to England and France to
plead the cause of the Confederacy.

82 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

466. What was the Trent Affair?

The commissioners were taken forcibly from the British
steamer Trent by Capt. Wilkes of the United States Navy
and brought back to the United States. This produced
much excitement in England. The United States govern-
ment, however, promptly disavowed the act and released
the commissioners.

467. When did Lieutenant-General Scott retire from active
service, and who succeeded him ?

On the 1st of November, 1861, on account of age and
physical infirmities. He was succeeded by Major-General
George B. McClellan.

468. Give a general review of the first year of the war.

The large ships and stores at Harper’s Ferry and
Norfolk were captured by the Confederates. They were
successful in the twosgreat battles of the year, Bull Run
and Wilson’s Creek; also in the minor engagements at
Big Bethel, Carthage, Lexington, Belmont and Ball’s Bluff.
The Union forces had saved Fort Pickens and Fortress
Monroe, and captured the forts at Hatteras Inlet and Port
Royal. They had also gained victories at Philippi, Rich
Mountain, Boonsville, Carrick’s Ford, Cheat Mountain
and Dranesville. West Virginia, Maryland and Missouri
were saved to the Union. Kentucky refused to secede.

1862.

469. What was the plan for the campaign of 1862 ?

On the part of the North there were three main objects:
the opening of the Mississippi, the blockade of the South-
ern ports and the capture of Richmond.

470. What was the size of each army? What successes
had the Union forces early in this year ?

The Union forces numbered about 500,000; the Con-
federate about 350,000. Gen. Thomas won an engagement

OGNILTED (SHAPES HISTORY. 83

at Mills Springs, and Commodore Foote and Gen. Grant
captured Forts Henry and Donelson in Northern ‘Ten-
nessee.

471. When and to whom did Forts Henry and Donelson
surrender ?

Fort Henry was evacuated February 6, after a bombard-
ment of one hour by Commodore Foote. Gen. Grant with
his army intended to cut off the retreat, but the garrison
escaped to Fort Donelson. ‘The fleet now went back to
the Ohio River and ascended the Cumberland, while Grant
crossed to co-operate in an attack on Fort Donelson,
which was captured, with fifteen thousand men, after three
days’ hard fighting.

472. What was now the plan of operations ?

The Confederates fell back to Corinth, the great railroad
centre of Mississippi and Tennessee, where their forces
were gradually collected under the command of Gens.
Johnston and Beauregard, while Gen. Buell at once occu-
pied Nashville. The Union army ascended the Tennessee
to Pittsburg Landing. Grant was placed in command
and Buell ordered to reinforce him. The Confederates
determined to rout Grant’s army before the arrival of Buell.

473. When was the battle of Shiloh fought, and who com-
manided ?

On the 6th and 7th of April. Gen. Grant commanded
the Federal army and Gen. Beauregard the Confederate
forces.

474. Describe the battle of Shiloh.

On Sunday morning, April 6, Johnston surprised the
Union forces by a desperate assault. The Federals, hav-
ing no time to form into order of battle, fought where
they happened to stand, slowly yielding, and for twelve
hours they obstinately disputed every inch of the way.

84 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

At last, pushed to the very brink of the Cumberland River,
Grant massed his artillery and gathered around it the
fragments for the final stand. By the aid of the gunboats
below and Buell’s reinforcements the tide of battle was
stayed, and the Confederates fell back. ‘They possessed,
however, the Union camps, three thousand prisoners,
thirty flags and immense stores; but they had lost their
commander, Gen. Johnston. The next morning the Con-
federates were driven from the field.

475. Where is Island No. 10, and when and by whom was
at captured ?

In the Mississippi River, between Kentucky and Mis-
souri. It was taken by Commodore Foote and Gen. Pope,
April 7.

476. When was the battle of Perryville fought, and who
were the commanders ?

October 8, 1862. Gen. Bragg commanded the Con-
federates, Gen. Buell the Union troops.

477. When was the battle of Murfreesboro fought, and
which army was victorious ?

On December 31, 1862, Gen. Bragg, with 60,000 troops,
attacked the Union forces under Gen. Rosecrans, and was
repulsed. On January 2 the battle was renewed, but Bragg,
being unsuccessful, retreated. This was one of the bloodiest
contests of the war. ‘The loss was one-fourth of the num-
ber engaged.

478. What effect had this battle ?

The Confederates gave up the attempt to recover Ken-
tucky.

479. What was the plan of the first expedition against
Vicksburg, and how did it terminate ?

Grant was to move along the Mississippi Central rail-
road, while Sherman was to descend the river from Mem-

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 8 5

phis with the gunboats under Porter. The plan was
spoiled by Van Dorn’s cavalry dash, which destroyed
Grant’s depot of supplies at Holly Springs. Sherman,
ignorant of what had happened, pushed on and made an
attack on Chickasaw Bayou, north of Vicksburg. After
suffering a bloody repulse and hearing of Grant’s mis-
fortune, he fell back.

480. What fighting occurred in Missouri?

The Union General Curtis having command, attacked
the Confederate General Price and drove him out of Mis-
souri into Arkansas. Van Dorn now taking command, a
desperate battle was fought at Pea Ridge, March 7 and 8,
1862, in which Van Dorn was totally defeated.

WAR ON THE SEA AND ON THE COAST.

481. Describe the capture of New Orleans.

The attempt was made with a fleet of forty-four vessels
under Commodore Farragut, and 8,o00 troops under Gen.
Butler. Mortar-boats for six days stormed the outer de-
fenses, but with little effect. Farragut then boldly resolved
to carry the fleet past the defenses to New Orleans. At
three o’clock in the morning, April 24, they advanced, run-
ning a fearful gauntlet of shot and shell and flames from the
fire-rafts. They now encountered the Confederate fleet of
thirty armed steamers, twelve of which were destroyed.
New Orleans soon surrendered.

482. After the capture of New Orleans, what course did
Commodore Farragut pursue ?

He ascended the river, took possession of Baton Rouge
and Natchez, and, running the batteries of Vicksburg,
joined the Union fleet above.

483. What was gained by the capture of Roanoke Lsland?

It gave control to the outer defenses of Norfolk. It
opened two sounds, eight rivers, four canals and two rail-

86 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

roads. It was an excellent rendezvous for ships, and ex-
posed a large country to attack.

484. What vessels were sunk by the Merrimac?
The Cumberland and the Congress on March 8.

485. Describe the encounter between the Merrimac and
the Monitor.

The morning after the ravages of the Merrimac the
Monitor made her appearance and began the attack. The
Merrimac, confident of success, poured in a broadside, but
her balls glanced harmlessly off the Monitor’s turret, or
broke and fell to pieces on the deck. ‘The battle now be-
came a desperate conflict, the vessels fighting side by side,
iron rasping on iron. Five times the Merrimac strove to
crush her antagonist by running her huge iron beak
against the Monitor’s side. At each dash her prow would
rise above the water, and at the same instant heavy volleys
from the Monitor would crash against the exposed parts.
In this manner the Merrimac received injuries so severe
that she gave up the contest and steamed back to Norforlk
thoroughly disabled.

486. What would undoubtedly have been the final result if
the Merrimac had been successful?

She could have entered any port of the United States,
destroyed cities, opened the blockade, and undoubtedly
have secured recognition of the independence of the Con-
federacy by European nations. On this battle hinged the
fate of the war.

487. What became of the Merrimac and the Monitor ?

Just before the capture of Norfolk she was sunk by the
Confederacy. The Monitor sunk, in a storm off Cape
Hatteras.

488. Who was John Morgan ?

Morgan was the noted leader of a band of guerrillas and

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 87

raiders in Tennessee. He repeatedly rode through Ken-
tucky spreading terror in his path, burning towns, levying
tribute, destroying telegraphs and railroads, and carrying
off prisoners. In one raid alone in Ohio he boasted of
having taken seventeen towns and cities, with a very large
amount of army stores.

489. Who was Quantrell ?
Quantrell was another famous guerrilla, although his
raids were not so extensive as those of Morgan.

WAR IN THE EAST.

490. Jn the war in the East, what was the objective point ?
Richmond.

491. Who commanded in the Peninsular Campaign ?
Gen. McClellan.

492. Describe the siege of Yorktown.

Gen. Magruder, with only about 5,000 men, held such
strong defenses along a line of thirteen miles that Gen.
McClellan was brought toastop. Heavy guns were ordered
from Washington, but as the siege began Magruder quietly
withdrew, having delayed the Union army a month.

493. When was the battle of Williamsburg fought ?

On May 5 Gen. Hooker, with his division, maintained the
contest for nine hours; then, being reinforced, he carried
the works, and the pursuit was continued to within seven

~miles of Richmond.

494. What were McClellan’s plans, and how were they
Jotled ?

McDowell, with 30,000 men, was to meet him near Han-
over Court House, and begin the siege of Richmond; but
Gen. Johnston, suspecting this movement, ordered Gen.
Jackson to move up the Shenandoah Valley and threaten
Washington.

88 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

495. What were the movements of Stonewall Jackson ?

After being reinforced by Gen. Ewell’s division of
10,000 men, Jackson hurried down the valley and drove
Banks across the Potomac. ‘The excitement in Washington
was intense. The President took military possession of all
the railroads, called upon the Governors of loyal States to
send militia to the defense of the capital, and ordered Fre-
mont at Franklin, Banks at Harper’s Ferry, and McDowell
at Fredericksburg to capture Jackson. Then Jackson
retreated, burning bridges as he passed, and escaped.

496. What was the effect of these movements ?

With 15,000 men, Jackson had occupied the attention of
three major-generals and 60,000 men, prevented McDowell’s
junction with McClellan and saved Richmond.

497. While these events were in progress in the Shenandoah
Valley, what were the movements of McClellan ?

McClellan had pushed his left wing across the Chicka-
hominy. Before he could unite his army, a terrible storm
flooded the swamps, and Chickahominy Creek became a
broad river. Johnston, seeing the exposed wing, began an
attack. He was severely wounded in this fight. The next
day the Confederates were repulsed in great disorder.

498. After the battle of Fair Oaks, what course did
McClellan pursue ?

Jackson making his appearance near Hanover Court
House, McClellan resolved to change his base of supplies
to the James River. A series of battles followed, lasting
seven days. ‘The most important were those of Mechanics-
ville, Gaines’s Mill, Savage’s Station, Frazier’s Farm and
Malvern Hill. In this retreat the army fought by day to
give time for the passage of baggage trains, and fell back
at night to new positions. At Malvern Hill Lee received
so bloody a check that he pressed no farther.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 89

499: What is the distance from Fair Oaks to the James
River?

Seventeen miles.

500. What was the effect of this campaign ?

The North was as much discouraged as the South was
elated. Lincoln called for 300,000 troops.

sot. What orders did McClellan now receive ?

‘To transfer his army to Aequia Creek, and put it under
the command of Gen. Pope.

502. Describe Lee’s campaign against Pope.

After some manceuvering, Pope was compelled to fight
the entire Confederate army on the old battle-field of
Bull Run. The shattered remains of the Army of the
Potomac retreated and took refuge within the fortifications
at Washington.

503. What was the effect of this campaign?

The Union army lost 30,000 men and a vast quantity of
supplies. The capital was in great danger, with a vic-
torious enemy outside and only broken battalions within.

504. What did Lee do?

He crossed the Potomac and entered Maryland.

505. Who assumed command of the Army of the Potomac
after Pope's defeat ?

Gen. McClellan.

506. What notable battle was fought soon after ?

The battle of Antietam, September 17.

507. After these battles, what course did Lee pursue ?

He retreated across the Potomac.

508. What was the effect of Lee’s defeat?

The North was saved from invasion and Washington
from attack.

go COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

509. Why was McClellan again superseded, and by whom ?

For the slowness of his movements in pursuing the re-
treating army. Gen. Burnside took command.

510. When was the battle of Fredericksburg fought, and
with what result ?

On December 13. The Union army was defeated with a
loss of 12,000 men.

5it. What were the Confederate victories during this year?
Jackson’s in the Shenandoah Valley; Lee’s in the Pen-
insular campaign; the successful campaign azainst Pope;

Bragg’s raid in Kentucky; the battles of Cedar Mountain,
Chickasa v Bluff and Fredericksburg.

512. Warat were the Union victories ?

The capture of Forts Henry, Donelson, Pulaski, Macon,
Jackson, St. Phillip, Island No. ro, New Orleans, Roanoke
Island, Newbern, Yorktown, Norfolk, Memphis, and the
opening of the Misssippi to Vicksburg. Also the battles
of Pea Ridge, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, South Mountain,
Antietam, Iuka, Corinth and Murfreesboro and the silencing
of the Merrimac.

513. What terrible Indian niassacre occurred ¢

An outbreak in Minnesota, Iowa and Dakota. More
than seven hundred whites were slain, and many thousands
driven from their homes. Col. Sibley routed the Indians
and took five hundred prisoners. ‘Thirty-nine were hanged
on one scaffold at Mankato, Minn., December 26.

1863.
514. What was the war plan of 1863, and how large was
the force engaged ?
The plan was about the same as that of the preceding

year. The Union force was some 700,000, and the Con-
federate 350,000,
359

UNITED STATES HISTORY. gi

515. When was the Emancipation Proclamation issued ?
January 1, 1863.
516. Describe the second expedition against Vicksburg.

After several weeks of fruitless effort on the north side
of Vicksburg, Grant marched down the west bank of the
river and crossed below the city. Between May 1 and 18
he defeated the Confederates at Fort Gibson, Jackson,
Champion Hills, and Big Black River, and within seven-
teen days after he had landed Pemberton’s army was shut
up within the intrenchments of Vicksburg. After three
desperate assaults the Union troops threw up intrench-
ments and began undermining the city. The siege lasted
forty-seven days.

517. When did Vicksburg surrender?
On the 4th of July.

518. What effect had this campaign?

The Confederates lost the cities of Vicksburg and Jack-
son, with 37,000 prisoners and immense stores, and 10,000
of their troops killed and wounded. On the fall of Vicks-
burg, Port Hudson surrendered to Banks. The Mississippi
was thus opened to the Gulf.

519. Affer the battle of Murfreesboro, what were the
movements in Tennessee ?

Little occurred until June, when Rosecrans, with 60,000
men, marched against Bragg and compelled him to evac-
uate Chattanooga. On September 8, 19 and 20 the battle of
Chickamauga was fought. ‘The Union army was defeatec
and withdrew to Chattanooga, while Bragg occupied the
heights commanding the city, and threatened it with star-
vation.

520. What was now the feeling in the North in regard to
the Army of the Cumberland ?

One of great anxiety. The defeat of the Army of the

92 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.
Cumberland made it seem but a matter of time when the
Confederacy would be finally victorious.

521. By what means was the Army of the Tennessee re-
lieved ?

Grant was appointed to succeed Rosecrans, and relief
was obtained by Hooker’s arrival with two corps from the
Army of the Potomac, while Sherman hastened by forced
marches from Iuka 200 miles away.

522. Where was Hooker, and how did he so suddenly
appear before the Confederate army at Chattanooga ?

He was in Virginia. His army, 23,000 strong, came by
rail in seven days, a distance of 1,200 miles.

523. Describe the battles of Lookout Mountain and Mts-
sionary Ridge.

The first movement was made by Gen. Thomas, who
captured Orchard Knob on November 23. ‘The following
day Hooker charged the fortifications of Lookout Mountain.
The Union forces carried the heights and swept over the
crest, driving the enemy before them. ‘The next morning
Hooker advanced on the south of Missionary Ridge.
Sherman was engaged on the northern flank. Grant, from
his position on Orchard Knob, saw the effect of Sherman’s
assaults. ‘The Confederate line in front of him was weak-
ening, and with a bold movement Thomas’s corps was
launched against its centre. The orders were to take the
rifle-pits at the foot of Missionary Ridge, then halt and re-
form; but in the excitement of success officers and men
pushed forward and up the ascent. Grant caught the in-
spiration, and the entire force was ordered to engage in the
conflict in one grand charge. Up they went, over rocks and
chasms, all lines broken in the eagerness to reach the summit.
Without firing a shot, and heedless of the tempest of mis-
siles descending upon them, they gained the crest, captured
the guns and turned them upon the retreating foe. That

ONITED STATES AISTORY. 93

night the glow of the Federal camp-fires along the heights
about Chattanooga crowned the most brilliant of Grant’s
achievements and the most picturesque of the battles of the
war. This fight has become famous as the “battle above
the clouds.”

524. What effect had these successes ?

The Union forces possessed Chattanooga, Bragg’s army
was routed and the General resigned. ‘The victories gave
control of East Tennessee, and furnished an open doorway
by which the Union army gained easy access to Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Alabama.

525. After the battle of Fredericksburg, who took command
of the Army of the Potomac?

Gen. Joseph Hooker, on January 26.

526. When was the battle of Chancellorsville fought ?

On May 2 and 3. The Union army was defeated with
great loss.

527. ln this battle, what noted Confederate officer was
killed ¢

“Stonéwall” Jackson. While returning from a reconnois-
sance at the front, he was fired upon by his own men, who
mistook his escort for Federal cavalry.

528. Who succeeded Hooker after the battle of Chancellors-
ville?

Gen. George Meade.

529. What were the movements of Lee?

With the flower of the Confederate army he crossed the
Potomac, passed through Maryland, entered Pennsylvania,
and proceeded within four miles of Harrisburg.

530. How was his progress arrested ?
By the battle of Gettysburg, which was fought the rst,

94 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

2d and 3d of July, Gen. Meade commanding the Union
forces. Gen. Lee retreated to Virginia.

531. At the battle of Gettysburg, what were the casualties ?

The Union loss was 23,000; the Confederate, 36,000.

532. Lhe loss of Vicksburg and the battle of Gettysburg
had what effect on the Confederacy ?

These losses and defeats turned the point of war, and the
fortunes of the Confederacy began to wane.

333. How did Admiral Dupont attempt to take Charles-
ton ?

Having confidence in the ability of the iron-clads to resist
cannon-balls, he attempted to run the fortifications and
force his way up to the city. The attempt was a disastrous
failure.

534. What were the Confederate successes for the year
1863 ?

The Confederates gained the great battles of Chickamauga
and Chancellorsville. The Union cause in Texas was de-
pressed. Galveston was seized and every attack on Charles-
ton successfully resisted.

535. What were the Union successes ?

The Federals took Vicksburg and Port Hudson, and
won the battles of Chattanooga and Gettysburg. Arkan-
sas, East Tennessee, large parts of Louisiana and Missis-
sippi and some parts of Texas were held by Union
troops.

536. When was the Draft Riot?

Congress in 1863 passed a Conscription Act, and
under this act the President ordered a draft for 300,000
men. This led to a three days’ riot in New York City,
beginning on July 13, and during which 150 lives were lost
and a very large amount of property was destroyed.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 95

1864.

537- Describe the raid made by General Judson Kilpatrick
at the beginning of 1864.

On the 28th of February Kilpatrick made a bold and
successful raid upon the exterior defenses of Richmond.
Railroad tracks were torn up, telegraph wires cut, six large
grist mills were destroyed and heavy damage was done.
At a point three miles from Richmond he found the enemy’s
works too strong to be assailed by a force of cavalry and
withdrew, camping that night within six miles of the Con-
federate capital.

538. What was accomplished by this expedition ?

Many miles of railroad were cut, several hundred pris-
oners were captured, and $7,000,000 worth of property was
destroyed.

539: What befell Colonel Dahlgren and his command?

While attempting to return, after destroying the grist
mills on the James River Canal, Dahlgren fell into an
ambush of the enemy and was killed. His remains were
treated with indignity.

540. When was General Grant appointed Lieutenant-
General of the Union Army ?

March 3, 1864.

541. Where was the main strength of the Confederacy ?

It lay in the armies of Robert E. Lee in Virginia and
Joseph E. Johnston in Georgia.

542. What plan was now adopted?

Grant was to march against Lee, and Sherman to attack
Johnston and sweep through to the coast.

543: Describe Sherman’s advance upon Atlanta.

He started with a force of 100,000 men. For one hun-
dred miles there was continuous skirmishing. Sherman

96 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

would drive Johnston into a stronghold, and then with
consummate skill would outflank him, when Johnston with
equal skill would retreat to a new post and prepare to
meet his opponent again. Several bloody battles were
fought, and finally Johnston retired on July ro to the
intrenchments of Atlanta. Hood was now put in com-
mand.

544. When did Atlanta surrender ?
September 2, 1864.

545. What had been the loss during this campaign of four
months’ fighting ?

There had been ten pitched battles and scores of minor
engagements, at a cost to the Union army of 30,000 and
to the Confederacy of about 40,000 men. *

546. What movement was made by Hood, and why?

He turned to invade Tennessee, with the expectation
that Sherman would follow him, and that thus Georgia
would be saved from invasion.

547. What became of Hood's army?

Hood marched against Gens. Thomas and Schofield at
Nashville. After severe fighting, Thomas withdrew from
the fortifications and remained two weeks. He then sud-
denly burst forth and drove the Confederate army out of
its intrenchments and into headlong flight. It was com-
pletely demoralized, and, for further use, destroyed..

548. Describe Sherman’s “March to the Sea,” after the
burning of Atlanta.

Hood being moved from his path, there was little to
impede his progress. With 60,000 troops, in five weeks
he marched three hundred miles, and then captured Sa-
vannah.

549: What effect had this march on Georgia?

A fertile region, sixty miles wide and three hundred

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 97

miles long, was devastated, and three hundred miles of
railroad were destroyed.

550. Ad the time of Grant's move towards Richmond, what
battles were fought?

The battles of the Wilderness and Spottsylvania.
551. Describe the battle of the Wilderness.

After crossing the Rapidan, the Union army plunged
into the Wilderness, where it was attacked on May 5, by
the Confederate army. In the woods, dense with smoke,
this strangest of battles was fought. The third day both
armies, worn out by the desperate struggle, remained in
their intrenchments. Grant lost 20,000 men, Lee 10,000.

552. What did Grant do, and what battle followed?

He pushed his army by the Confederate right flank
towards Spottsylvania Court House, where for five days,
from May 8 to 12, terrible fighting occurred. ‘Ten thousand
men fell on each side.

553- Where was the next engagement?

Grant now concluded to try the flank movement again,
and pushed forward to Cold Harbor, a short distance from
Richmond. Lee hastened by a shorter route, and arrived
in time to prepare for defense. Early on the morning of
June 4 the Union army made an assault on Cold Harbor.
Twenty minutes after the first shot was fired, fully ten
thousand Union men were killed or wounded, while the
enemy’s loss was little over one thousand.

554. What was the result of the attack on Petersburg?

The Confederate works could not be carried, so Grant
threw up intrenchments, and prepared for a siege of
Richmond.

555: What was the loss in this campaign ?

The Union army lost 70,000, and the Confederates
40,000.

98 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

556. What memorable words were written by General
Grant to the President on the 11th of May, 1864?

“JT propose to fight it out on this line, if it takes all
summer.”

557. During the siege of Richmond, what two important
events occurred ?

The Mine Explosion at Petersburg, Va., and the capture
of the Weldon Railroad.

558. What was the result of the mine explosion?

A mine was dug beneath a strong Confederate fort, and
was fired with a blast of 8,000 pounds of powder. ‘The
fort and garrison were destroyed. At the same time the
Union artillery opened along the line, and an assaulting
column rushed forward; but it stopped in the crater
produced by the explosion. The Confederates, rallying,
turned their artillery upon the mass of men within the
demolished fort, and about 4,000 were lost before the rest
could retreat to the Union lines. This is known as the
“Battle of the Crater.”

559. What raids were made by General Early?

Early entered Maryland, threatened Washington and
Baltimore, defeated Wallace, and then withdrew to Vir-
ginia. In the same month — July — he crossed into
Pennsylvania, his troops setting fire to Chambersburg ;
but after that he immediately withdrew.

560. What was secured by these expeditions?

A vast amount of stores, five thousand horses, and a
withdrawal of part of Grant’s army from before Petersburg.

561. What did General Sheridan do?

In September, Sheridan defeated Early at Winchester
and Fisher’s Hill, and in a week destroyed half the enemy
and put the rest to flight. Early returned with reinforce-
ments, and, under cover of a dense fog, surprised Sheri-

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 99

dan’s army at Cedar Creek, October 19, and drove it back
in confusion. At this critical moment Sheridan arrived
‘from Winchester, “twenty miles away,” checked the re-
treating columns, turned them “about face” and won the
battle.

562. What was the effect of Sheridan’s successes?

This was the most brilliant campaign of the war. In
one month Sheridan had virtually annihilated Early’s army.
His own loss was 17,000.

563. Describe the Red River expedition.
Gen. Banks was sent up the Red River to loosen the
Confederate grasp on that region and Texas. This cam-

paign resulted in a Confederate triumph. Banks lost
5,000 men, 18 guns, and large supplies.

564. When was the massacre of Fort Pillow, Ky.?

On April 12. The Confederates were maddened by
the sight of negro troops opposing them, and a terrible
massacre followed.

565. What brilliant naval victory did Admiral Farragut
achieve ?

The capture of Mobile Harbor, August 5. He closed
it against blockade-runners. The city of Mobile was not
captured until April 12, 1865.

566. Describe the expedition against Fort Fisher.

Fort Fisher defended the Harbor of Wilmington, N.C.
The expedition consisted of seventy vessels under Com-
modore Porter, and a land force under Gen. Butler. After
a fierce bombardment, Dec. 24 and 25, Butler decided
that the fort could not be taken by assault, and the army
returned to Fortress Monroe. Commodore Porter asked
for another trial. The same troops were sent back under
Gen. Terry. By a series of trenches a column of troops
worked themselves up to within two hundred yards of the

100 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

fortifications. At the word they rushed forward and burst
into the fort. The hand-to-hand conflict within lasted for
hours. Late at night the garrison surrendered, on Jan-
uary 15, 1865.

567. What occurred at St. Albans, Vermont, on the roth
of October, 1864? :

A band of raiders from Canada assaulted the town,
robbed the banks, seized horses from the livery stables
and returned to Canada before the inhabitants recovered
from their surprise. The entire raid was accomplished in
a half-hour.

568. Describe the attempt of Confederate emtssaries to burn
Lew York.

On the night of November 25, 1864, an attempt was
made to burn New York by saturating beds in the princi-
pal hotels with a mixture of phosphorus and oil. The
attempt was discovered in season and a great disaster
averted.

569. What was the Alabama, and what damage did she
do?

She was a British steamer built in England, but officered
and commissioned by the Confederate government. Her
object was to prey upon Union commerce, and she suc-
ceeded in capturing more than sixty vessels. Her com-
mander was Capt. Raphael Semmes.

570. When, where, and with what result was the encounter
between the Kearsarge and the Alabama?

The engagement between the Kearsage and the Alabama
took place off the coast of France, in the English Channel,
June 15, 1864. The Alabama was sunk. Capt. John A.
Winslow, commanding the Kearsage, rescued a part of
the sinking crew. The English yacht Deerhound picked
up the remainder and steamed off to the British coast.
Capt. Semmes was among the number thus rescued.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. IOI

571. What other interesting naval operation occurred during
this year?

The destruction of the Confederate iron-clad Albemarle,
at Plymouth, North Carolina. This was accomplished by
Lieut. Cushing, who fastened a torpedo to the Albemarle,
which exploded and sunk her.

572. At the close of 1864, what was the political condition
of the North?

There was much dissatisfaction at the North with the
conduct of the war; the debt was becoming enormous and
paper money greatly depreciated. Grant had been re-
pulsed at Cold Harbor and Early had made successful
raids. In the midst of these calamities Abraham Lincoln
was renominated by the Republicans, and the Democrats
nominated Geo. B. McClellan, who stood firmly for the
prosecution of the war but was not in full sympathy with
the policy of the administration. Lincoln’s popular ma-
jority was more than four hundred thousand.

573. How did gold compare in value with greenbacks?
In July, 1864, it required $2.90 in paper to buy one
dollar in gold.

574. Whatwere the Confederate victories during this year?

The Confederates won the battles of Sabine Cross Roads,
Wilderness, Bermuda Hundreds, Spottsylvania, New Market
and Cold Harbor. They resisted the Red River and
Florida expeditions, two attacks upon Petersburg and one
against Fort Fisher.

575. LVame the Union victories.

They won the battle of Atlanta and the battles pre-
ceding it — Dalton, Resaca, Dallas, Lost Mountain, Kene-
saw Mountain, Winchester, Fisher’s Hill, Cedar Creek
and Nashville. They captured Fort de Russy, the forts in
Mobile Harbor, and Fort McAllister; Sheridan annihilated

102 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Early’s army; Sherman marched across Georgia and took
Savannah ; Thomas destroyed Hood’s army, and the Con-
federacy was almost extinguished; only North and South
Carolina remained in full control of the Confederacy.

1865.
576. Whatwas the plan of the campaign for 1865?

Sherman was to move north from Savannah against
Johnston, and then join Grant in a final attack upon Lee.
Sheridan had swept down from the Shenandoah, cut the
railroads north of Richmond, and formed in line before
Petersburg. Wilson was in Alabama and Georgia, while
Stoneman held the passes of the Alleghanies and waited in
North Carolina for the issue in Virginia.

577- What were General Sherman’s movements?

Early in February Sherman started north, and, though
meeting with untold difficulties, swept on. He captured
Columbia on Feb. 17, and on the following day Charleston
was evacuated. Johnston fiercely opposed him at Averys-
boro and Bentonville, but was defeated. On the banks of
the Neuse Sherman met Schofield and Terry, and the
three, with a combined army of 100,000 men, waited for
the final charge against the Confederacy. The distance
traveled was more than 425 miles, one hundred of which
was Swamp.

578. Describe the siege of Richmond.

Lee was now shut up in Richmond, and his only hope
of prolonging the struggle was to cut his way out. He
decided to attack Grant’s lines, cause a concentration of
troops, and retreat by other routes before his plan was
discovered. He failed, as Grant returned the advance
with renewed vigor, capturing the outer defenses and pre-
venting a retreat.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 103

579: Give a description of the battle of Five Forks.

Sheridan, with his cavalry and heavy columns of in-
fantry, pushed out from Grant’s left wing and threw a
heavy force behind the Confederate position at Five Forks.
Assailed in every direction, the garrison was overwhelmed,
and five thousand men were taken prisoners.

580. What effect had this brilliant victory?

Lee’s position was made untenable. His right was
turned and his rear threatened.

581. Describe the capture of Petersburg and Richmond.

On the morning of April 3, the Union army advanced in
an overwhelming assault along the whole front. By noon the
Confederate line of intrenchments, before which the Army
of the Potomac had lain so long, was broken, and thousands
of prisoners were captured. That night Petersburg and
Richmond were evacuated. The next morning the Union
troops took possession of the Confederate capital.

582. When and to whom did Lee and Johnston surrender?

Lee surrendered to General Grant at Appomattox, near
Lynchburg, Va., on April g, and Johnston to Sherman in
North Carolina on April 26.

533. When and how was Jefferson Davis captured, and
what was done with him?

He was arrested by a party of Union troops, in Georgia,
on May 10, 1865, and imprisoned in Fortress Monroe, but
was later released on bail furnished by Horace Greeley.

534. How long did the Civil War last}
A little more than four years.

535. When and by whom was Abraham Lincoln assas-
sinated ?

On the 14th of April, 1865, by John Wilkes Booth, at
Ford’s Theatre in Washington, D.C.

104 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

586. What became of Booth?

After shooting the President he sprang upon the stage.
His spur caught in a flag used to drape the proscenium, and
he was thrown heavily, breaking his leg. He escaped,
mounted his horse and fled through Maryland, into Virginia,
where he was overtaken, near Bowling Green, in a barn
and shot.

587. Give an account of the attack on Secretary Seward.

On the same night of the assassination of Lincoln an
accomplice stabbed Mr. Seward while lying ill in bed.

588. What became of Booth’s accomplices?
Harold, Payne, Atzerodt, and Mrs. Surratt were hanged;

Arnold, Mudd and O’Laughlin were imprisoned for life,
and Spangler was sentenced for six years.

589. What was the total number of troops called out in the
war, and what the total number obtained ?

The number called out was 2,942,748, the number obtained
was 2,690,401.

590. How many men were lost in the war?

The Union armies probably lost in battle, or through its
effects, 300,000 men, while 200,000 were crippled for life.

The Confederate loss is not positively known, but was un-
doubtedly almost as heavy.

sgt. What was the cost of the war?

The government’s debt on August 31, 1865, was nearly
$2,844,000,000. The daily expenses at one time reached
the sum of $2,500,000.

sg2. How was slavery forever abolished in the United
States?

By the thirteenth amendment to the Constitution, which
was ratified on December 18, 1865.

ONITED STATES HAISTORY. ToS

593: Who succeeded Lincoln as President?

Andrew Johnson. He was sworn in on the day of
Lincoln’s death, April 15, 1865.

594. What caused trouble between Johnson and Congress?

The exercise of the veto power.

595. What were the most important bills passed over the
President's veto?

The Freedmen’s Bureau, the Civil Rights, and the
Tenure of Office bills.

596. What was the nature of these bills?

The Freedmen’s Bureau bill provided for the establish-
ment of a department for the protection of the freedmen.
The Civil Rights bill guaranteed to the negroes the full
rights of citizenship. The Tenure of Office bill made it
necessary that the consent of the Senate shall be obtained
for the President’s removal of any person from a civil office.

597- On what charges was Johnson impeached?

Various misdemeanors, and contempt of the Senate by
violating the Tenure of Office act in an attempt to remove
arbitrarily Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War. Johnson
was acquitted, the two-thirds majority necessary for convic-
tion lacking one vote.

598. What is the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion? When adopted?

It guarantees equal civil rights to all, and bases repre-
sentation in each of the States on the number of voters.
It was adopted July 28, 1868.

599. What demand upon France was made by the United
States government ?

The recall from Mexico of the French troops under
Maximilian.

106 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

600. What States were added to the Union during the
war ? :

West Virginia and Nevada.

601. What was the Reconstruction policy of Johnson ?

He recognized the State governments that had been
formed during the war under the protection of the Union
army in Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas and Louisiana. In
the other States he appointed provisional governors and
authorized the calling of conventions to form loyal govern-
ments. These conventions met, repealed the ordinances
of secession, repudiated the Confederate debt, and ratified
the thirteenth amendment. On these conditions Johnson
claimed that the States, having never been legally out of
the Union, should be restored to their rights in the Union.
Pardon was proclaimed to those persons who had been en-
gaged in secession with certain exceptions.

602. When was Universal Amnesty declared ?
On Christmas day, 1868.

603. What was the Reconstruction policy of Congress ?

Congress decided that the President had no power to
prescribe the conditions for the readmission of the seceded
States, and his proclamations and orders were treated as
invalid. ‘Tennessee was admitted, but the other States
were placed under military rule. After a bitter and pro-
tracted struggle, governments were finally established in
Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina
and South Carolina.

604. What was the “iron-clad oath,” and who were the so-
called “‘carpet-baggers”??

Congress made a requirement that every candidate for
holding office should swear that he had not participated in
the secession movement. As but few Southerners could
conscientiously take this oath it was called ‘iron-clad,”

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 107

and the offices were filled by men who had come from the
North during the war and soon after it. Owing to their
recent arrival, these men were termed “carpet-baggers.”

605. How long was the government in establishing its
Reconstruction policy ?

Three years. ‘The Southern States were not represented
in the government from 1861 to 1868. Virginia, Missis-
sippi and Texas were not allowed to vote for President
until after Grant’s first administration.

606. What proclamation was tssued by Johnson in regard
to the Fenians ?

The Fenians were making preparations to cross the
Canadian frontier at Buffalo, N.Y., and St. Albans, Vt.
Johnson issued a proclamation declaring the movement a
violation of neutrality, and sent General Meade to execute
the law.

607. How was Alaska obtained ?

By purchase from Russia, in October, 1867, for $7,200,000
in gold. It contains 500,000 square miles.

608. What treaty was made with China?

In 1868 an embassy from China, in charge of Anson
Burlingame, then our diplomatic representative in China,
visited the United States. This was the first event of its
kind in the history of the Chinese nation. <A treaty was
framed granting valuable commercial privileges.

609. What repeated demand was made of the French gov-
ernment ?

During our civil war France attempted to establish an
empire in Mexico, and Maximilian, an Archduke of Austria,
was appointed emperor. The United States government
protested, but with its hands full of its own affairs was un-
able to enforce the Monroe Doctrine. After the close of our
war our government again demanded of Napoleon the re-

108 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

call of French troops. Maximilian, deprived of foreign
aid, was defeated by the Mexicans, and on June’ 19, 1867,
was shot after a trial by his captors.

610. When was the Atlantic cable completed?

In June, 1866. The first cable was attempted in 1856,
and laid from New York to St. Johns, Newfoundland. In
1857 a vain effort was made to cross the ocean. In 1858
a cable was laid across the Atlantic and apparently worked
successfully, but on September 1 it ceased to work. Cyrus
W. Field, the projector of this enterprise, was not dis-
couraged, and organized a third company, which in June,
1866, was successful. ‘There are now several cables.

611. What was the political situation at that time?

The Republican party nominated Ulysses S. Grant and
Schuyler Colfax; the Democrats, Horatio Seymour and
Frank P. Blair. Virginia, Mississippi and Texas had not
yet been “reconstructed” and were not allowed to vote.

GRANT’S ADMINISTRATION — 1869-1877.

612. When was the Union Pacific Railway completed?
How far is it from New York to San Francisco?

In 1869. The distance from New York to San Francisco
is about 3,300 miles.

613. When was the fifteenth amendment formally pro-
claimed, and what ts its nature?

On March 30, 1870, and it provided that the right of the
citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or any State, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.

614. Describe the important conflagrations of 1871 and
1872.

A great fire broke out in Chicago on Sunday night, Octo-
ber 8, 1871. It was the most terrible conflagration in

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 109

modern times. Three thousand acres of almost solid
blocks were devastated. Twenty-five thousand buildings
were burned, $200,000,000 worth of property was destroyed,
and 100,000 persons were rendered homeless. Contributions
to the amount of more than $7,500,000 were sent to the
suffering citizens from nearly all parts of the world. Dur-
ing the same autumn fires raged in the forests of Wisconsin,
Minnesota and Michigan. Entire villages were consumed.
In Wisconsin alone nearly 1,500 persons perished. On
November 9, 1872, fire swept over sixty acres in the whole-
sale trade centre of Boston, and destroyed $70,000,000
worth of property.

615. What was the Alabama claims difficulty with Eng-
land, and how was it settled?

The English government refused to pay for the damages
to American commerce caused by the cruising of the Ala-
bama. The dispute was settled by arbitration, in a con-
vention at Geneva, Switzerland, the English government
paying $15,500,000 to the United States.

616. How was the dispute regarding the Northwestern
boundary between the United States and British America
adjusted ?

It was submitted to the Emperor of Germany and was
decided in favor of the United States.

617. What was the proposed annexation of San Domingo ?

The republic of San Domingo, comprising a large part
of the island of Hayti, applied for admission to the United
States, but was rejected. A commission appointed by the
President to examine its condition reported favorably, but
the measure was rejected by Congress.

618. At the close of Grant’s first term, what was the
political situation ?

Grant was renominated by the Republicans, and the

IIo COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Democrats endorsed the nomination of Horace Greeley,
already the Liberal-Republican candidate.

619. Give a short biography of Horace Greeley.

Horace Greeley was one of our great self-made men.
Born in poverty, he had risen from the humblest position
to be the most renowned editor of the age. In 1841 he
had founded the New York 77¢bune. When civil war
seemed imminent, he had urged measures to avoid it, even
advocating the policy of letting the discontented States
depart in peace; but when war had been proclaimed he
had urged a vigorous prosecution. At the close of the
war he had pleaded for immediate conciliation. ,Just
before the close of the Presidential canvass his wife died,
and this, together with the desertion of friends and the
excitement of the contest, unsettled his mind. He was
confined in a private asylum, where he soon died.

620. Describe the difficulties with the Modoc Jndians.

Having refused to stay upon their reservation in Oregon,
troops were sent against them, whereupon they retreated
to their fastnesses in the Lava Beds. Peace commis-
sioners, proposing to arrange the difficulty, held a con-
ference with the chiefs. In the midst of this council, the
Indians treacherously murdered General Canby and the
Rev. Dr. Thomas and wounded Mr. Meacham. The
Modocs were then bombarded and forced to surrender.
Captain Jack and several of the leaders of the band were
hanged at Fort Klamath, October 3, 1873.

621. Describe the panic of 1873.

In the autumn of 1873 Jay Cooke & Co., bankers, of
Philadelphia, became too heavily involved in railroad
enterprises, especially the Northern Pacific, and failed.
The failure produced a financial crisis, and hundreds of
prominent firms all over the Union were involved in ruin.
The money market became stringent, and a stagnation of

UNITED STATES HISTORY. Ilr

business followed. But for the timely aid of the govern-
ment in throwing several millions of dollars into the market,
the distress would have been much greater. The name
“Black Friday”? was applied to the day when almost every
man and firm in business seemed to be threatened with
bankruptcy.

622. What centennial anniversaries were observed with
great enthusiasm in 1875 and 1876?

The hundredth anniversary of the battle of Lexington,
of the battle of Bunker Hill, and of the signing of the
Declaration of Independence.

623. Describe the main features of the Centennial Exhibt-
tion.

Fairmount Park, in Philadelphia, was the scene of the
display. More than two hundred buildings were scattered
over the extensive ground, the main structure covering
twenty acres. Exhibits were gathered from every clime.
The exhibition lasted six months, from May to November,
and the total number of visitors was 9,910,966.

624. What war with the Sioux Indians occurred, and
what terrible defeat overtook the government forces ?

A band of Sioux took the war-path. Troops were sent
to force them to return to their reservation. On the 25th
of June, 1876, General Custer suddenly came upon the
enemy and a desperate fight followed, in which Custer and
his entire command were killed.

625. J2 1876, who were nominated for President?

The Republicans nominated Rutherford B. Hayes and
Wm. A. Wheeler; the Democrats, Samuel J. Tilden and
Thomas A. Hendricks; the Greenback party, Peter Cooper
and Samuel F. Cary.

626. What was the result of the election?

Both Republicans and Democrats claimed the election,

I12 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the Republicans insisting that the States of South Carolina,
Florida and Louisiana had been carried by the Democrats
by fraud.

627. How was Rutherford B. Hayes chosen President?

In order to reach a settlement, a Joint Electoral Com--
mission was appointed, composed of five United States
Senators, five United States Representatives, and five
Justices of the Supreme Court. This body decided that
185 electoral votes had been cast for Hayes and Wheeler,
and 184 for Tilden and Hendricks.

628. What was the feeling among the American people in
regard to the settlement of this question?

The Republicans were jubilant, while the Democrats
denounced the decision, claiming that the Commission
had decided, not by evidence, but on partisan grounds, as
eight of them were Republicans and seven were Demo-
crats; therefore Hayes was termed by his opponents the
“eight-to-seven”’ President.

629. When Samuel J. Tilden was asked tf his party should
stand by his election, what reply did he make?

To the delegation who sought his advice he insisted that
no act of theirs should imperil the country.

HAYES’S ADMINISTRATION — 1877-1881.
630. What promise was made by Hayes in regard to “‘rota-
tion in office’’?
To make “no dismissal except for cause, and no pro-
motion except for merit.”

631. What was President Hayes’s Southern policy?

One of conciliation. The Federal troops which had
hitherto sustained the Republican State governments in
South Carolina and Louisiana were withdrawn and Demo-
cratic officers at once took control of the local affairs, He

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 113

also appointed Judge Key, a Southerner and an ex-Con-
federate, Postmaster General.

632. What railroad strike occurred in 1877?

On nearly all of the principal railroads in the Northern
States a strike of workmen occurred, the cause being a
general reduction of wages. At Pittsburg, Pa., the strike
grew into a terrible riot, in the course of which vast
amounts of property were destroyed; it was quelled only
by the use of troops. In the riot more than one hundred
lives vere sacrificed, and the Pennsylvania Railroad
suffered a loss of nearly $3,000,000 worth of property.

633. What was the Bland Silver Bill?

In 1873 Congress demonetized silver, and made gold
the sole standard of our currency. Opposition arose to
this act, and in 1878 a bill was passed remonetizing silver
and making the standard silver dollar a legal tender for
the payment of debts. ‘The government was required to
purchase from $2,000,000 to $4,000,000 worth of silver
bullion every month, and coin it into dollars. The bill
was called the “Bland bill,” because Representative Bland
of Missouri set it in motion in Congress.

634. Describe the yellow fever of 1878.

In the summer of 1878 it broke out in New Orleans and
spread with alarming rapidity northward along the Missis-
sippi into Missouri and Tennessee. More than 7,000
deaths were reported.

635. When did the resumption of specie payments occur?

January 1, 1879. On December 17, 1878, gold, for the
first time since January, 1862, sold in New York at par.

636. What Indian difficulties took place in 1879?

The Ute Indians at the White River Agency, being
dissatisfied on account of the encroachments of miners
and the non-payment of money promised by the govern-

114 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

ment, took up arms and massacred and abused the whites
at the agency. The revolt was suppressed by United
States troops.

637. dn 1880, what was the population of the United
States?

The census of 1880 showed a population of more than
50,000,000. The increase of inhabitants from 1870 to 1880
was Some 12,000,000.

638. What were the Fishery Awards?

Difficulties sprang up between Great Britain and the
United States because of the fisheries on our northeast
coast. .The matter was left to an international commission
of arbitration which awarded Great Britain the sum of
$5,500,000.

639. What were our treaties with China in 1880?

One in relation to commerce, and the other granting to
our government the regulation of Chinese immigration.

640. Was President Hayes’s administration favorable to
his party?

A large element in the party were not satisfied with his
policy of conciliation toward the South. They believed
that, if the electoral vote had legally been cast for him as
President, it must also have been cast for the Republican
State officers, and that it was the duty of the President to
protect those officers by the presence of United States
troops at the State capitals.

641. Who were the nominees for the Presidency to succeed
President Hayes?

The Republicans nominated James A. Garfield and
Chester A. Arthur. The Democrats nominated Winfield
S. Hancock and William H. English. The Greenback-
Labor party nominated James B. Weaver and Benjamin
J. Chambers.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 115

642. What was the principal issue between the Republican
and Democratic parties?

The tariff question.

643. What were the principles advocated by the Greenback-
Labor party?

The Greenback-Labor party was opposed to the issue of
paper money by any private corporation; they insisted
that it should be issued solely by the government and
made a full legal tender. They claimed also that mon-
opolies were fast controlling all kinds of business and that
labor was becoming a mere slave to the avarice and greed
of capital; that legislation was enacted for the rich without
due regard for the poor; and that our factories were over-
burdensome to women and children.

GARFIELD AND ARTHUR’S ADMINISTRATION.

644. When was Garfield inaugurated President?
March 4, 1881.

645. What gigantic swindling system was detected in the
Post-office Department ?

The Star Route frauds, whereby contracts in the West
for carrying the mails were so manipulated that great
wrongs and robberies were perpetrated. Within two
months contracts to the amount of nearly $2,000,000 were
annulled. ‘The alleged conspirators were tried, but judg-
ment was never rendered against them.

646. When was President Garfield assassinated ?

On the morning of July 2, 1881, by Charles J. Guiteau,
at a railway station in Washington, D.C.

647. What was the feeling of the country in regard to the
assassination, and what became of the assassin?

The assassination produced profound and universal sor-
row. Preparations for the celebration of Independence

116 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Day were generally abandoned. President Garfield died
on the 19th of September following, at Long Branch, N.J.
He is buried at Cleveland, O. The assassin was tried, con-
victed and hanged.

648. What testimonial of respect was shown by the Queen
of England to Mrs. Garfield?

By direction of the Queen a wreath of flowers was placed
upon Garfield’s coffin, as a sign of her sympathy with the
martyred President’s wife.

649. When did Chester A. Arthur become President of the
United States?

Immediately on being informed of the President’s death
he took the oath of office.

650. What was the extent of the flood in the Mississippi
Valley in 1882?
Nearly 100,000 persons were rendered homeless.

651. Describe the East River Bridge.

A suspension bridge connecting New York City and
Brooklyn, 5,989 feet long, was opened to the use of the
publicin 1883. It was begun January 3, 1870. The height
of the towers is 278 feet and the length of the suspended
span from tower to tower 1,596 feet. The height from the
water, at the center, is 135 feet. The four great cables
are 153 inches in diameter, and each cable contains 5,296
parallel wires of galvanized steel, oil-coated, closely
wrapped, and weighing, with covering, 897} tons.

652. What is the Civil Service Act, and when was it
passed ?

It was passed in 1883, and aimed to regulate appoint-
ments and promotions in the civil service of the United
States by means of examinations instead of political pre-
ferment.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 117

653. When was letter postage reduced from three cents to
two cents?

October 1, 1883.

654. How was Alaska recognized as a Territory?

In 1884 a bill was approved by which a governor, judge,
marshal and other officers were to be appointed for a term
of four years, but no legislative assembly or Congressional
delegate was authorized. Sitka was made the temporary
seat of government.

655. How was Chinese immigration regulated ?

It was forbidden by a law passed in 1882, for ten years.

656. Who were nominated for L resident in 1884+

The Democrats nominated Grover Cleveland and
Thomas A. Hendricks. The Republicans, James G.
Blaine and John A. Logan. The Greenback-Labor party,
B. F. Butler and A. M. West. The Prohibitionists, John
P. St. John and William Daniel.

657. What were the chief subjects of discussion in this
campaign?

Between the Democrats and Republicans, the tariff and
scandalous personalities. ‘The Greenback-Labor party es-
poused the same policies as four years before, while the
Prohibitionists demanded the suppression of the liquor
traffic by the general government.

658. Who was elected President, and by what popular
majority? Which State held the deciding votet

Grover Cleveland. New York State held the deciding
vote, and its Democratic majority was about 1,045.

CLEVELAND'S ADMINISTRATION — 1885-1889.
659. When did General Grant die?
July 23, 1885, at Mount McGregor, N.Y.

118 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

600. Where and when did Vice-President Hendricks die?
At his home in Indianapolis, November 25, 1885.

661. How many times has the Vice-Presidency been made
vacant by death ?

Five times.

662. What other noted men died shortly after Mr. Hen-
dricks ?

George B. McClellan, Winfield S. Hancock, Charles
Francis Adams and Chester A. Arthur.

663. What notable events occurred in 1886?

The Haymarket riot in Chicago, May 3. The riot of -
Milwaukee, May 6. The earthquake of Charleston, S.C.
The conviction of eight Anarchists in Chicago. The rise of
the Knights of Labor to prominence. Great gales off the
coast of Texas, and wrecks on Lakes Michigan and Super-
ior. The unveiling of the statue, “Liberty Enlightening
the World,” in New York Harbor.

664. What noted man died December 26, 1886?
John A. Logan, United States Senator from Illinois.

EVENTS OF 1887-1889.

665. What important commercial act was passed by Con-
gress in January of this year?

The Inter-State Commerce Act. It was signed by the
President, February 4, 1887.

666. What bill originated in the Senate in regard to the
Canadian fishery question?

The Retaliation Act which placed in the hands of the Pres-
ident the power to prohibit the importation of the products
of the Canadian fisheries, or, if necessary, to suspend all
commerce with Canada until the differences between the
United States and that country were settled.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 119

667. What was the result of the election of 1888?

The Republicans elected Benjamin Harrison President,
and Levi P. Morton Vice-President. ‘The election was ex-
citing and majorities in the doubtful States small.

668. Ln Kebruary, 1889, what important office was added
to the Cabinet?

Secretary of Agriculture.

669. What legislation in the same month was of special
interest to the people of the Northwest?

An act by which North and South Dakota, Washington
and Montana were admitted as States.

670. What interesting anniversary occurred in 1889 %

The centenary of the first inauguration of Washington
as President of the United States. President Harrison in
a proclamation had recommended that on ‘Thursday,
April 30, at the hour of nine in the morning, the people of
the entire country repair to their respective places of Di-
vine worship, to implore the favor of God that the bless-
ings of liberty, prosperity, and peace may abide with us as
a people.” This recommendation met with general observy-
ance. ‘The day was also celebrated by patriotic displays
in all the cities and principal towns of the Union.

EVENTS OF 1890.

671. What important tariff and silver legislation was en-
acted in 1890?

“The McKinley law,” so called, made important changes
in the tariff, generally in the direction of an increase in
the rate of protective duties. ‘The Sherman act was a law
repealing the Bland act, and requiring the government to
purchase monthly 4,500,000 ounces of silver bullion at the
market price and coin a part of it into standard dollars.

120 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

672. What law did Congress pass in 1891 bearing upon
copyright ?

A law providing that the President may, under certain
conditions, by proclamation extend to foreigners the privi-
leges of copyright in the United States.

EVENTS OF 1891-1892.

673. How near to the verge of war did the United States
come during Harrison's administration ?

Some American sailors were murderously attacked in the
streets of Valparaiso by a Chilian mob. Our government
demanded reparation in damages and an apology, under pain
of war. Chili was just coming out of a civil war of her
own, and for reasons of domestic policy held back a little,
but succumbed just as the period fixed in the American
ultimatum was expiring.

674. What were the effects of the McKinley law?

Its opponents declared that the operation of the
“McKinley law” resulted in a general advance in the cost
of living. Its supporters claimed that it increased the
general prosperity. At the next general election, the Re-
publicans lost the House of Representatives and were sup-
planted by a large Democratic majority.

675. What was the result of the election of 1892?

The Democrats elected Grover Cleveland President and
Adlai FE. Stevenson Vice-President. ‘The campaign was
notable for the absence of much of the usual excitement.
The general verdict appeared to be against a continuance
of the high protective rates of the McKinley tariff.

EVENTS OF 1893-1894.
676. What event of international interest marked the year
1893?
The World’s Columbian Exposition, held at Chicago,

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 121

commemorating the 4ooth anniversary of the discovery of
America by Columbus.

677. Did any exceptional political occurrences mark this
year?

(a) President Cleveland convened Congress in extra
session in August to consider the alarming financial de-
pression which had recently set in. This session ended
with the repeal of the silver-purchase clause of the Sher-
man Act of 18go.

(4) A dispute between this country and England con-
cerning the seal industry in the Bering Sea, which had
been assuming a threatening aspect, was amicably settled
by international arbitration.

678. What important question engaged the attention of
the Congress and the people in 1894?

A protracted discussion by Congress (Democratic) re-
sulted in the enactment of a revised tariff law repealing
the duties on imported wools, and other important raw
materials, and reducing duties on many manufactured or
partly manufactured articles.

679. What was the result of the Congressional elections of
T894¢

,

A general “overturn,” replacing the Democratic major-
ity in the House of Representatives by a larger Repub-
lican majority.

680. What occurrences in the laborfield excited general
anxiety in 1894%

A strike of railroad employees at Chicago assumed an
almost revolutionary character by reason of violence, in-
cendiarism, and general lawlessness. President Cleveland
ordered United States troops to the scene of the troubles,
thus terminating the episode.

M22 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

EVENTS OF 1895-1896.

681. What great question was brought most prominently to
the attention of the people in 1895-1896?

The general question of the settlement by arbitration
of all differences with other nations. A dispute between
Great Britain and Venezuela, concerning the boundary line
between Venezuela and British Guiana, drew forth from
President Cleveland a sharp protest, coupled with an inti-
mation that our government, in support of the “Monroe
Doctrine,” would, if necessary, go to war. After con-
siderable diplomatic correspondence it was agreed to sub-
mit the Venezuelan boundary question to arbitration,
which our government pronounced satisfactory.

682. What was the result of the general election of 1896?

The Republicans elected William McKinley President
and Garrett A. Hobart Vice-President, with a working
majority in the House of Representatives, on platform de-
clarations assuring the maintenance of the existing gold
standard in our currency. ‘The Democrats had demanded
the unlimited free coinage of silver at the current ratio of
16to 1. Next to the coinage question, the most important
issue of the campaign was that of the duties on imports,
McKinley representing those who desired higher tariffs as
a protection to domestic industries.

EVENTS OF 1897—1898—1899.

683. What was the jirstimportant act during the McKinley
administration ?

The calling of an extra session of Congress in March,
1897, for the enactment of a new protective tariff, styled
the Dingley Act, in honor of Representative Dingley of
Maine, its author. The act was signed July 24, 1898.

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 123

684. Did either House of Congress do anything else of note
at the extra session?

The Senate rejected a general treaty of arbitration
between Great Britain and the United States.

685. Was this the only treaty of consequence before the
Senate at this sesston?

No. A treaty with the republic of Hawaii, for its an-
nexation to the United States, was sent in by President
McKinley, but went over till the regular session the fol-
lowing winter and then failed.

686. How did its failure affect Hawatian annexation?

It made it necessary to effect the annexation by joint
resolution as in the case of Texas. ‘This was finally ac-
complished in the summer of 1898.

687. What remarkable separation occurred between the
prices of silver and wheat in 1897?
Wheat rose in price to $1.19 cents a bushel, and silver

fell to 45,8, cents an ounce.

688. Was any effort made to improve the value of silver?

An international monetary commission was appointed
by President McKinley. It visited England, France and
Germany in behalf of an agreement between those coun-
tries and the United States for maintaining their silver
coinage at a stated ratio of value as compared with gold;
but their efforts were fruitless.

689. What noteworthy event for New York occurred in
1897? :

The enactment of the Greater New York law by the
State Legislature, uniting Brooklyn, Staten Island and
other adjacent territory with New York City proper, and
raising it in population to the second rank, as to both area
and population, among the cities of the world. The con-
solidation went into effect January 1, 1898.

124 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

690. What important general legislation was enacted by the
Fiftyjifth Congress at its winter session of 1897-1898 ?

A bankruptcy law; resolutions declaring Cuba free, and
thus bringing about a war with Spain; and the War Rev-
enue Act.

691. How long did the war with Spain last?

Actual hostilities began April 21, 1898, with the sev-
erance of diplomatic intercourse, and ended August 12,
1898, with the signing of a peace protocol at Washington.

692. What were the principal battles in this war?

The battle of Manila Bay, on May 1, in which Admiral
Dewey destroyed the entire Spanish fleet in Philippine
waters; the sea-fight off the mouth of the harbor of San-
tiago, Cuba, July 3, when the ships under Admirals Schley
and Sampson destroyed the fleet of the Spanish Admiral
-Cervera; the battles incidental to the capture of Santiago,
between June 24 and July 17, and the battle which ended
the siege of Manila and brought about its surrender,
fought just before the news of the peace negotiations
reached the Philippines.

693. What other exhibitions of American heroism dis-
tinguished this war?

The sinking of the collier Merrimac, in the narrowest
part of the entrance to the harbor of Santiago, to blockade
the harbor. ‘This was accomplished by Naval Constructor
Hobson, with a picked crew of seven men, at night, under
fire of the Spanish shore batteries. Col. Funston’s bravery
in the Philippines was also especially notable.

694. What brought about this war?

The state of disquietude in the United States caused by
the long and bloody war carried on by the Spanish army
in Cuba in its attempt to put down the rebellion there.
The acme of outraged sentiment in the United States was

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 125

reached when, on February 15, the American battleship
Maine was destroyed in the harbor of Havana by a mys-
terious explosion, causing the death of 264 American offi-
cers and seamen.

sd
695. What were the principal terms of the peace protocol?
The cession of Porto Rico by Spain to the United
States; the evacuation of that island and of Cuba; the re-
nunciation of Spanish sovereignty in Cuba; and the ref-
erence of the future disposal of the Philippine Islands to
an international conference or Peace Commission.

696. Who were appointed to represent the United States in
the peace conference, and where did the conference hold its
sessions ¢

Senators Davis, Frye and Gray; William R. Day, late
Secretary of State, and Whitelaw Reid of New York.
The sessions of the conference were held in Paris.

697. What was the character of the War Revenue Act?

It provided for the issue of bonds to raise money for
carrying on the war, and for a far-reaching system of in-
ternal taxation to supply the means for meeting the princi-
pal and interest of the debt thus created and supply the
government with additional revenue.

698. What did the treaty of peace provide ?

That Spain should give up all her remaining possessions
in the Western Hemisphere, as forecast by the protocol,
and cede to the United States the Philippine Archipelago
in consideration of the payment of $20,000,000 by the
United States, and also the island of Guam in the
Ladrones; and that each government should relinquish all
its own claims for indemnity and those of its citizens or
subjects, growing out of the Cuban war. The treaty con-
tained also some provisions securing especially favorable
commercial privileges to Spain in her late possessions
transferred to the United States.

126 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

699. When was peace formally declared ?

On April 11, 1899, when the ratifications of the treaty
by the two nations were exchanged at the Executive Man-
sion in Washington.

700. What dramatic coincidence attended the vote of the
‘United States Senate for the ratification of the treaty?

The struggle over ratification had been very fierce, a
large number of Senators objecting to the assumption of
sovereignty by the United States Government in the Phil-
ippines. On February 4, 1899, after the 6th had been
fixed as the date for the final vote, the Filipino insurgent
army, under General Emilio Aguinaldo, opened fire upon
the American army in the outposts of Manila. This was
obviously done for the purpose of emphasizing the demand
of the Filipinos for independence as opposed to annexa-
tion to the United States. It seemed to have an effect the
reverse of what was intended. Some of the Senators
who had been inclined to listen to the plea of the Filipi-
nos now declared that this violence must be punished.
When the vote was taken on February 6, it stood 57 to
27, Or one more than the requisite two-thirds in favor of
the treaty.

7o1. Has the United States any other foreign complications
on hand at present?

Yes. Ay joint commission representing Great Britain,
Canada and the United States, which met in Washington
in the fall of 1898, suspended its sessions for a time in the
following spring, because, in considering the various sub-
jects which had caused irritation between the United
States and the other countries involved, it could not reach
a satisfactory agreement on a boundary line between
Alaska and the British possessions in the American North-
west. In Samoa, also, trouble has grown out of the tripar-
tite system of government, the British and American repre-

UNITED STATES HISTORY. 127

sentatives espousing the cause of Malietoa, one of the
claimants to the Samoan throne, while the German repre-
sentatives sided with his rival, Mataafa. The dissension
became so violent that Rear-Admiral Kautz, of the United
States Navy, was sent to Apia with a suitable force and
was obliged to do some fighting with the natives of
Mataafa’s faction.

Aiea tens are apie Rise) Sopteeds Sd Y eer Pic,
isgsy ee cteack BUF aH tig aboa gt 2 aie Oot toe afas
cape ei oY ete teen ae e an TSS oe Jeanna ete
ree aaa wh See SEU TR RRA She tala eee
Bhi SSSt Pee ase we apy Rpteuk Ho tite get VRE if
EN fer bee Bie Boren Siti Crye oe jschhinty

~

CaS pared a veh Por paw

7,

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

GROG RAPEY:

1. From what ts the term geography derived?

From the two Greek words ge (earth) and grapho
(I describe).

2. How many kinds of geography are there?

Three: mathematical, physical and political.

3. Define mathematical geography.

It treats of the form, magnitude and motions of the
earth, and of the various imaginary lines on the surface.

4. Give a definition of physical geography.

It is a study and explanation of the solid and fluid parts
of the earth’s surface, the atmosphere, and all animal and
vegetable life.

5. What ts political geography ?

A treatise on the various countries on the earth’s sur-
face, the people inhabiting them, their governments, etc.

6. What ts the shape of the earth ?

A sphere flattened at the two ends of one of its dia-
meters, called the poles.

7. How may its rotundity be proved ?

By journeying around it.

129

130 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Approaching vessels, moreover, show their masts first,
while their larger parts, the hulls, are still outside the line
of vision.

The shape of the earth’s shadow, as cast on the moon
during an eclipse, is always round; and, finally, measure-
ments made by astronomers, bear like witness.

8. What ts supposed to have flattened the earth at the
poles ?

Its revolution while in a plastic condition.

9. How much greater is the diameter at the equator than
the diameter at the poles?

About twenty-six miles, the diameter at the equator
being 7,925 miles.

10. What is the area of the earth’s surface?

About 196,900,278 square miles.

11. What is the earth’s bulk?

About 260,000,000,000 cubic miles.

12. What ts tts weight ?

About 5,852,000,000,000,000 tons.

13. What is its specific gravity?

5 3 times heavier than water.

14. What is the horizon?

That line where the sky appears to meet the earth.

15. What ts the axis of the earth? Whatare its poles?

The diameter on which it performs its daily revolutions;
the poles are the points where this axis meets the surface.

16. Low many revolutions has the earth? Define each.

Two: diurnal and annual. Its diurnal revolution is its
motion on its axis from west to east; its annual is its
rotation around the sun.

GEOGRAPHY. 131

17. Give proofs of the earth’s rotation.

The motion of falling bodies is one of the most con-
vincing proofs, while the fact that the sun and distant
planets appear to revolve around the earth once in twenty-
four hours is a reasonable proof of the earth’s rotation.

18. Explain how falling bodies prove it.

If the earth had no rotary motion, a ball dropped from
a high tower would strike the base at a point exactly ver-
tical from the place of starting; but, as the earth has this
motion, the top of the tower must move faster than the
bottom, and the ball will strike outside of the line of the
base, the difference being about proportional with the
difference between the velocity of the top and that of the
base..

19. How do we know that the earth rotates from west to
east ?

Because the sun appears to rise in the east, and also
because a falling ball will strike outside of the base on the
east side of a tower and on the inside of the base on the
west side.

20. What is the exact time of its rotation ?

Just 23 hours, 56 minutes, and 4.09 seconds.
21. What ts the velocity of this rotation ?
On the equator it is about 1.042 miles per hour.

22. Where ts the velocity least?

The velocity diminishes from the equator to the poles,
where it becomes nothing.

23. What causes day and night?

The revolution of the earth on its axis.

24. What ts called the circle of tllumination ?

The great circle which separates the dark side of the

132 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

earth from the light side, or the dividing line between
night and day.

25. On what does the relative length of the day and night
depend ?

On the position of the earth toward the sun in its annual
revolution. The sun, apparently moving north in the
summer, produces in the northern hemisphere an increased
circle of illumination and hence increased length of day-
light, while in winter the same movement occurs in the
southern hemisphere, decreasing, producing an increase of
the length of daylight there.

26. What causes the seasons?

The revolution of the earth around the sun.

27. What ts the earth’s orbit? ts estimated length ?

The course it takes in its annual motion; the estimated
length of the orbit is about 600,000,000 miles.

28. What is the earth’s motion around the sun called?

Its annual revolution.

29. What ts the exact time of a complete revolution?

Just 365 days, 6 hours, 9 minutes, 9.6 seconds.

30. Define a siderial year.

It is the exact time of a revolution.

31. Define a tropical year.

The interval between one March equinox and the next
which is 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes, 49.7 seconds.

32. Which value ts taken for the civil year?

The tropical year, or 3651 days, nearly.

33. flow great is the earth’s annual motion?

About 68,000 miles an hour.

GEOGRAPHY. 133

34. What position does the earth occupy in the universe?

The earth is one of a group of non-luminous bodies which
revolve around the sun, accompany it through space, and
reflect its light.

35. What bodies compose the solar system?

The sun, eight large bodies called planets, and, as far as
is now known, about one hundred and seventy-five smaller
bodies called planetoids or asteroids, besides many comets
and meteors. Some of the planets have bodies called
moons or satellites moving around them.

36. What position does the earth occupy in this system ?

It belongs to the group nearest the sun, and is third
from the sun in position.

37. What is the distance of the earth from the sun?

About 92,000,000 miles.

38. Has the sun any other motion than its movement
through space?

The sun, all the primary planets, and their satellites,
rotate from west to east.

39. Zo what theory has the uniformity of direction of the
movements of the planets and sun given rise?

To a theory by La Place called the nebular hypothesis,
which assumes that originally all material of which the
solar system is composed was scattered throughout space
in the form of very tenuous matter called nebula. It being
granted that this matter began to accumulate around a
centre, and that rotary motion was acquired, it can be
shown on mechanical principles that such a system as our
own might be evolved.

40. What governs the velocity of the different planets?

As the circumference of the orbits of the planets in-
creases with their distance from the sun, their velocity at

134 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the same time diminishes, and the time of revolution, or
length of year, increases correspondingly.

41. What causes the continual revolution of the earth and
other planets ?

On the supposition that the earth was given a projectile
force when separated from the nebulous sun, it would, if
left to itself, have continued to move in one direction; but
the attraction of the sun retained it in its orbit, its motion
on its axis remaining unchanged.

42. What gives the earth’s orbit its elliptical shape?

The unequal attraction of the neighboring planets and
of the sun. In the course of its revolution its positions
are such that at certain points it is drawn away from the
sun, and this produces an orbit longer one way than
another.

43. Why is it cold in winter and warm in summer?

Because of changes in the direction of the sun’s rays.
It is on the same principle that morning and evening are
cooler than midday.

44. Whatare zones? How many are there? What ts the
width and situation of each?

Belts or divisions of the earth, bounded by the tropic
and polar circles. ‘There are five of them —two frigid,
two temperate, and one torrid. ‘The north frigid lies
between the North Pole and the Arctic Circle, and is 234°
in width; the north temperate lies between the Arctic
Circle and the Tropic of Cancer, and is 43° in width; the
torrid lies between the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic
of Capricorn, and extends 233° both north and south of
the equator; the south temperate is of the same size as the
north temperate, and lies between the Tropic of Capricorn
and the Antarctic Circle; the south frigid is all of the
earth’s surface within the Antarctic Circle.

GEOGRAPHY. 135

45. What ts the ecliptic?

A great circle whose plane coincides with that of the
earth’s orbit.

46. Why ts the ecliptic so called?

Because solar and minor eclipses can take place only
when the moon is very near its plane.

47. What ts the inclination of the earth’s axis to the plane
of tts orbit?

It is 664°, or 234° out of a perpendicular direction.

48. Why are the zones given their respective widths ?

During the revolution of the earth around the sun a part
of the earth’s surface comes to be directly perpendicular to
the sun’s rays. ‘This belt, 47° wide, is enclosed by the tropics
and termed torrid, meaning very hot. Geographers have
decided that each temperate zone should extend to that
line where the duration of the longest day is twenty-four
hours; and as the inclination of the earth is 233°, that
line should be 234° from the poles, where the Polar Circles
have been drawn.

49. What would be the influence on the earth’s climate if
its axts should become horizontal to the plane of its orbit ?

What the general influence of such a change would be is
hard to say; but during the annual revolution of the earth
every point on the entire surface would come, at some time,
directly perpendicular to the sun’s rays, and become tor-
rid. When one pole would come perpendicular to the
sun’s rays, the other would necessarily be in darkness, and
frigid. The length of the longest day at the equator
would be twenty-four hours, and would occur every six
months. This would give, at the equator, four zones in
one year — two torrid and two temperate.

136 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

50. Why would the inclination of the earth affect the
climate ?

If the earth were perpendicular to the plane of its orbit
there would be no change of seasons. As it becomes in-
clined, the attitude of the earth toward the sun is continu-
ally changed in the course of its annual revolution, and
this change must produce a diversity of climate. It is by
such inclination that the temperate zones acquire four sea-
sons.

51. Supposing the earth’s inclination to be 30° or any other
given figure, how can we ascertain the width of the several
zones ?

The inclination of the earth will vary the line where the
length of the longest day is twenty-four hours, 1° for every
degree of inclination. As it is now 23}°, the line must be
23}° from the poles, or the boundary of the frigid zones.
If the inclination should be 30°, the frigid zones would ex-
tend 30°, and 30° each side of the equator would become per-
pendicular to the sun’s rays, making the torrid 60°, the tem-
perate 30° and the frigid 30°; and so on of any other de-
gree of inclination. The frigid zone would be in width
the number of degrees of the inclination of the earth; the
torrid would be the same each side of the equator, and the
temperate what lay between.

52. At what season ts the earth nearest the sun?

About January 1.

53. “xplain why it ts nearer at one time than at another.

As the orbit is an ellipse, the narrower parts must bring
it, inits revolution around the sun, nearer the sun than the
wider parts.

54. When ts the earth at its perihelion?

When it is nearest the sun.

GEOGRAPHY. 137

3s. When at its aphelion?

When it is farthest from the sun.

56. What are the eguinoxes? How many and what are
they called ?

They are the times of the year when the sun’s vertical
rays fall on the equator. There are two, the vernal and
the autumnal.

57. On what days of the year do they occur ?

The vernal equinox takes place on the 2oth of March
and the autumnal on the 22d of September.

38. What are the equinoctial points ?

Where the ecliptic intersects the equator at two points
diametrically opposite to each other.

sg. What are the solstices?

They are the times when the vertical rays of the sun reach
their farthest northern or southern limit and fall on one or
the other of the tropics.

60. How many are there, and what are they called?

Two, the summer and winter solstice.

61. On what days of the year do they occur?

The summer solstice on the 21st of June, and the winter
solstice on the 21st of December.

62. What are the solstitial points ?

The points midway between the equinoxes.

63. What is a compass?

A magnetic needle playing upon a pivot and always
pointing nearly due north and south.

64. What are known as the cardinal points?

The cardinal points are north, south, east and west.

138 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

65. What are the semt-cardinal points?

Northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest.

66. How many circles divide the earth?

Several great and small circles. The meridian circles
and the equator are great circles; the tropic and polar cir-
cles, and the parallels of latitude, are small circles. There
are also circles of position or measurement, and climatic
circles.

67. Define great and small circles,

All circles which divide the surface of the sphere into
two equal parts are great circles; all others are small cir-
cles.

68. Define circles of position or measurement.

They are the circles used to determine the geographical
positions of places.

69. Define climatic circles.

Circles used to mark important climatic boundaries and
are termed climatic circles or parallels.

70. Lame the circles of position.

The equator, meridian circles and parallels of latitude.

71. Mame the climatic circles.

The tropics and polar circles, and the ecliptic.

72. Define a quadrant.

It is one quarter of a circle, or go’.

73. How is every circle divided?

Into 360 equal parts, called degrees.

74. What is a map?
A drawing representing the whole or a part of the earth’s

surface.

GEOGRAPHY. 139

75. What are the lines, or circles, on a map?

The equator, meridian circles, parallels, tropic and polar
circles.

76. What is the equator?

A great circle equally distant from the poles.

47. Through what countries does the equator pass?

It crosses Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Borneo and Su-
matra in the East Indies, British East Africa, the Kongo
Free State and French Kongo.

78. What is a meridian circle? What is a meridian?

A meridian circle is any great circle passing through the
poles. A meridian is half a meridian circle.

79. What is longitude?

The distance either east or west from any given merid-
ian.

80. On what is longitude measured ?

On the parallels and the equator.

81. From what meridians do we reckon longitude?

The one which passes through Washington, D.C., and
the one near Greenwich, in England.

82. How many degrees west of Greenwich ts Washington?

About 77°.

83. What is the greatest longitude a place can have?

180° either east or west.

84. Can a place have no longitude?

If situated on the meridian from which we reckon, it can
have no longitude.

85. Reckoning from the meridian at Washington, what ts
the latitude and longitude of Quito?

It has no latitude, and but 1° of longitude, west.

140 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

86. What ts the length of a degree of longitude?

Sixty geographical miles at the equator, but it grows
gradually less as it approaches the poles; at latitude 30° it
is about fifty-two geographical miles; at latitude 60° it is
thirty, and at the poles it is nothing.

87. Why does the length of a degree of longitude decrease
after leaving the equator?

All meridian lines meet at the poles; and as a degree of
longitude is enclosed between meridian lines, the length
must decrease as the lines approach the poles.

88. Whats a prime meridian?

The meridian from which longitude is reckoned.

89. Where is a prime meridian usually located?

Each nation usually takes the meridian of its own capi-
tal.

go. Through what States does the meridian of Washington
pass?

New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and North
Carolina.

gt. Whatcountries in Asia are crossed by the same meridian
circle? ,

Siberia, the Chinese Empire and British India.

92. Explain how we reckon the difference in time between
two places when the difference of longitude between them is
given, or vice versa?

As there are 360° of longitude it follows that in the
earth’s rotation one hour of time must pass through
of 360°, or 15°. This reduced makes 1° in four minutes.
Then knowing the difference in longitude the time is
easily found, or, if the difference of time is known, a re-
versed process must give the difference in longitude.

GEOGRAPHY. I4t

93. What large city in Astats nearly opposite Philadelphia?
Pekin.
94. What is latitude ?

The distance north or south of the equator, according to
its direction, is north or south latitude.

95. On what ts latitude measured?

Upon the meridians.

96. What ts the highest degree of latitude ?
go’, which is at the poles.

97. What ts the length of a degree of latitude ?

Sixty geographical, or 69} statute miles.

98. What ts the basts of a geographical mile ?

One minute of longitude at the equator.

99. Through what countries and bodies of water does the
Tropic of Cancer pass ?

Bahama Islands, Gulf of Mexico, Mexico, Pacific Ocean,
Hawaiian Islands, near Canton China, British India, Ara-
bian Sea, Arabia, Egypt, and Atlantic Ocean.

100. Zhe Tropic of Capricorn ?

Brazil, Paraguay, Argentine Republic, Chili, Pacific

Ocean, Australia, Madagascar, South African Republic,
British South Africa, Damara Land, and Atlantic Ocean.

101. Zhe Arctic Circle?

Greenland, Northwest Territories, of Canada, Alaska,
Siberia, Russia, Sweden, Norway and Atlantic Ocean.

102. The Antarctic Circle?

Land has been discovered in this region, but no effort
has been made to chart and name it.

103. Why ts it colder at the Antarctic Circle than at the
Arctic?

In the northern hemisphere there are vast tracts of land

142 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

to receive thé rays of heat and warm the atmosphere; but
towards the south pole the rays of heat seem to be lost on
the great bodies of water, and the air is not warmed.

104. What part of North America ts in the same latitude
as England and Ireland?

The southern part of Canada.

105. Sow does the climate of Labrador differ materially
Srom that of England ?

The winds from the north, and the Arctic current which
flows near the coast of Labrador, cause the climate to be
too cold for agriculture. In the same latitude in England
snow is seldom seen, owing to the nearness of the warm
waters of the Gulf Stream, a branch of which flows into the
Irish Sea, while the northeast current flows by the coast of
Norway. The Gulf Stream renders the climate of West-
ern Europe mild and moist.

106. Why are the winters more mild at Puget Sound than
in the region of Lake Superior? ;

The Japan current, which passes our Pacific coast there,
brings the warm waters of the torrid zone.

107. Describe the Gulf Stream.

It issues from the Gulf of Mexico, spreads out a breadth
of 150 miles, and sweeps along the shore of North America
to Newfoundland. Here it meets the Arctic current and
divides into two branches, one of which takes a southeast-
erly course towards the coast of Africa, while the other
flows in a northeasterly direction towards the British Isles
and Norway.

108. Where and what is the principal Sargasso Sea?

It is a mass of floating seaweed, situated in the middle
of the Atlantic Ocean, and occupying the eddy or whirl
caused by the several ocean currents which surround it.
There are smaller ones in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans,

GEOGRAPHY. 143

109. What is the meaning of sargasso?

It is a Spanish name, meaning grassy.

110. What are the natural divisions of land?

Continents, islands, peninsulas, isthmuses, capes, pro-
montories, mountains, hills, plains and valleys.

111. What are the natural divisions of water?

Oceans, seas, gulfs or bays, straits, lakes and rivers.

112. How are straits divided?

Into straits proper, passages, sounds and channels.

113. What ts the size of the Eastern Continent compared
with the Western?

It is little more than twice as large. The Western
Continent contains about 15,000,000 square miles.

114. What is the area of the entire surface of the globe?

About 200,000,000 square miles.

115. Which of the grand divisions ts the largest, which the
smallest, which the most populous, and which the most fertile?

Asia is the largest, Europe the smallest and most popu-
lous, and South America the most fertile.

116. What are the political divisions of North America ?

The United States, Canada, Danish America, Mexico,
Central America, and the West Indies.

117. Of what races does the population of the United States
consist ?

Caucasians, Negroes, Indians and Chinese.

118. What is the number of the population of the United
States ?

Nearly 70,000,000.

119. What are the leading forms of industry of the people?

Agriculture, manufacturing, mining and commerce.

144 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION LOOK.

120. What are exports and imports?

Exports are those commodities shipped out of the country,
and imports those which come in.

121. What are the leading exports and imports ?

The leading exports are cotton, breadstuffs, provisions,
petroleum, tobacco, and many varieties of manufactured
goods. ‘The chief imports are dry goods, sugar, coffee,
tea, hides, iron, tin and cutlery.

122. With what countries does the United States have the
greatest commerce?

England, Germany, France, Canada, West Indies, Brazil,
China, and Japan.

123. What country contains the greatest number of inhabit.
ants in proportion to its area?

England with about 23,000,000 souls.

124. How does England compare in area with the United
States ?

It is about one-sixtieth as large, or about the size of
Wisconsin.

125. Which is larger, Europe or the United States?

Europe is about one-tenth larger.

126. How does Europe compare in size and population
to Asia?

Asia contains four times as many square miles and two
and a-half times as many inhabitants.

127. Whatis a frith, or estuary?

A narrow arm of the sea into which a river empties.

128. What ts an archipelago?

A sea interspersed with many islands.

GEOGRAPHY. 145

129. What is a delta?

When a river discharges its waters by several outlets,
the tract of land embraced by these outlets is called a de/ta.

130. Why is this tract of land called a delta?

From its resemblance to the fourth letter of the Greek
alphabet, which is de/fa, shaped like a triangle.

131. What ts a road, or roadstead?

A marine space some distance from the shore where ves-
sels can anchor in safety.

132. What is an oasis?

A fertile spot in a desert.

133. What is the valley or basin of a river?

The tract of country drained by that river and its trib-
utaries.

134. What river of the world has the greatest basin, and
what ts the extent of this basin?

The Amazon; it contains more than 2,275,000 square
miles.
135. What ts the extent of the basin of the Mississippi?

About 1,244,000 square miles.

136. What ts the extent of the basin of the (a) La Plata?
(b) Wile? (c) Obi? (d) Yenisev? (e) Yang-tse-Kiang ?
(f) Wiger? (g) Volga? (h) Ganges? (i) Mackenzie? (j) St.
Lawrence? (k) Saskatchawan? (1) Orinoco? (m) Columbia?
(Z) 1,242,000; (4) 1,425,000; (c) 1,250,000; (7) 1,040,-
000; (¢) 950,000; (/) 800,000; (g) 600,000; (4) 416,000;
(2) 590,000; (7) 480,000, (&) 478,000; (/) 340,000;
(m) 298,000,

137. How wide ts the mouth of the Amazon?
One hundred and eighty miles.

146 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

138. Junto how many classes is mankind divided as regards
social condition?

Into four: the enlightened, the civilized, the half-
civilized, and the savage.

139. Which nations are enlightened, which civilized, and
which half-civilized ?

Nearly all the people of Europe, of the United States
and Canada, and of their respective colonies, are en-
lightened. The civilized people are nearly all those of
South America, Mexico, China and Japan. The half-
civilized people would embrace a large part of the people
of Hindoostan, Indo-China, Turkey and Egypt.

140. Who are barbarians, and who savages?

Many of the tribes of Central Asia, the Barbary States,
and the wandering tribes of Arabs are barbarians, a little
raised above the savages, who are typified by the Indians
of America, many of the negro tribes of Africa, and the
Papuans of Oceanica.

141. What class of men are called nomads, and why?

The Arabs are called nomads because of their wander-
ing nature, living in movable camps with no fixed loca-
tion.

142. What are the principal forms of government?

Republican and monarchical.

143. What is a republic, and what a monarchy?

A country governed by men who are chosen by the
people is called a republic. A monarchy is a government
‘in which the chief power passes by inheritance, and the
ruler holds his authority for life.

144. Lame the principal republics of the world.

The United States, France, Switzerland, Mexico, Brazil,
Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chili,

GEOGRAPHY. 147

Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Guatemala, Honduras,
San Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Hayti, San Domingo,
the Transvaal, Orange Free State, Liberia, Andorra, San
Marino, Montenegro, and Cuba.

145. What is an unlimited,and what a limited monarchy ?

The will of the sovereign is the supreme law of an un-
limited monarchy. A limited monarchy is one in which
the will of the monarch is limited by a constitution.

146. What kind of a monarchy zs that of (a) Rigi za? (b)
Lingland? (c) Germany? (da) Turkey 2 (e) Spain? (f) China?

(2) Unlimited; (4) limited; (c) limited; (2) unlimited ;
(e) limited; (/) unlimited.

147. What is a constitution?

The fundamental or organic law.

148. What ts the sovereign of an empire called?
An emperor, sultan, shah, czar, khedive, or mikado.

149. What are the political divisions of the earth?

Empires, kingdoms, republics, states, counties, town-
ships, and cities.

150. Define each of these.

An empire is a country governed by an emperor; a
kingdom, one governed by a king; a republic, one govy-
erned by representatives chosen by the people; a state, a
division of a republic or kingdom having laws of its own
harmonizing with those of the general government; a
county, a division of a state or kingdom; a city, a
municipal or local organization for governmental pur-
poses.

151. What ts the capital of a country? What is the me-
tropolis ?

The capital is the seat of government. The metropolis
is the largest city.

148 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

152. How many distinct races of men are there ?
Five: Caucasian, Mongolian, American or Indian,
African, and Malay.

153- What ts the estimated number of inhabitants of the
earth? How divided ?

The estimated number is, in round numbers, 1,400,-
000,000. ‘The Caucasian and Mongol races number more
than four-fifths, the Ethiopian about one-seventh, the
Malay about one twenty-fifth, the Indian about one one-
hundredth.

154. How many important systems of religion prevail ?
Seven: Christianity, Buddhism, Brahminism, Con-
fucianism, Shintoism, Mohammedanism, and Judaism.

155. Whatts the estintated popular strength of each system?

The Christians about 400,000,000; the Buddhists, from
300,000,000 to 500,000,000; the Brahmins, 150,000,000 ;
the Confucians, from 60,000,000 to 100,000,000; Shinto
has from 12,000,000 to 20,000,000 followers; Moham-
medanism, perhaps 2c¢0,000,000; Judaism, 7,000,000.

156. Juto how many great classes are Christians divided?
Three: Roman Catholics, Greek Catholics and Pro-
testants.

- 157. What is the Mohammedan religion?

The Mohammedans are followers of the prophet
Mohammed, who lived in Arabia about six hundred years
after Christ. They believe in one God; they consider
Moses and Christ as true prophets, but Mohammed as the
greatest and last. The Koran is the Mohammedan holy
scripture.

158. What are the principal points of faith of (a) the Bud-
dhists, (b) the Brahmins, (c) the Confucians, and (a) the
Jollowers of Shinto?

(2) The Buddhist religion was originated by Buddha in

GEOGRAPHY. 149

the sixth century, B.c., and was characterized by admir-
able humanity and morality, with the idea that death was
but a transitional stage of existence. Later the religion
became mixed with an idolatrous worship of its founder
and other supposed kindred beings.

(4) The Brahmins believe that Brahma was the creator
of the world and that he was the first deity of a Hindoo
triad. Their idols represent this union of three deities,
and their worship is idolatrous.

(c) Confucianism is the system of morality taught by
Confucius and his disciples, and forms the basis of Chinese
jurisprudence and education. It can hardly be called a
religion, as it does not inculcate the worship of any
deity.

(¢) The Shinto religion has been the chief religion of
Japan, and includes the worship of ancestors and sacrifice
to departed heroes.

159. Whats the principal difference between the Christian
and Jewish religions?

The Jews reject Jesus as a Saviour, and expect a Mes-
siah yet to come. ‘The Talmud is their bible.

160. Who are termed pagans?

Idolators and nature-worshippers. They comprise the
greater part of the inhabitants of Asia and Africa, nearly
all those of the islands of the Pacific, and the Indians of
America.

161. What are the longest four rivers in the world ?

The Mississippi with its chief tributary, the Missouri,
has a length of 4,200 miles; the Nile is 4,000 miles long;
the Amazon, 3,750; the Yenisei, 3,400.

162. ame and give the length of the longest four rivers of
North America.

The Mississippi proper, 2,800 miles long; the Missouri,

150 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

2,900; the Mackenzie, 2,300; the Arkansas, 2,000; and
the Saskatchawan, 1,g00.

163. What would be the length of the St. Lawrence through
the chain of lakes to the head of the St. Louts River?

About 2,000 miles.

164. Give names and lengths of the longest four rivers of
South America.

The Amazon, 3,750 miles long; the La Plata, 2,300; the
Orinoco, 1,550; the San Francisco, 1,550.

165. Zhose of Europe.

The Volga, 2,000 miles long; the Danube, 1,600; the
Don, 1,000; and the Dnieper, 1,000.

166. Of Asia.
The Yenisei, 3,400 miles long; the Yang-tse-Kiang,
3,320; the Obi, 3,090; the Lena, 2,700.

167. Of Africa.
The Nile, 4,000 miles long; the Niger, 3,000; the
Zambesi, 1,800; the Senegal, 1,200.

168. What is noticeable of the Amazon River?

The Amazon is a broad, deep river, and navigable for
large vessels about 2,400 miles, and for steamboats to the
foot of the Andes. The tide flows up 600 miles. ‘The
waters teem with alligators, and the banks are lined with
almost impenetrable forests, filled with huge serpents and
ferocious beasts of prey, troops of monkeys, swarms of
insects, and flocks of gaudily-colored birds.

169. Of the Mississippi? ©

The Mississippi rises in Lake Itasca, and is navigable
to the Falls of St. Anthony, which are very heavy rapids.
The upper part of the river, in many places, has high and
rugged banks, while in the lower part Zevees are built along
the shores to prevent inundations. Its mouth is not

GEOGRAPHY. 151

favorable for the navigation of large vessels. Instead of
being broad and clear it has many outlets, and sand-bars
are continually forming.

170. Of the Missouri?

This river is very rapid. It is much larger than the
Mississippi in its upper part, and is navigable to the Great
Falls above Fort Benton, Montana, where there are some
grand cataracts.

171. Of the Nile?

The source of the Nile was not definitely known until
recently, but through the explorations of Livingstone and
Stanley it has been pretty well ascertained. At Khartoum,
in the Soudan, the river divides, and these divisions are
called respectively the Blue Nile and the White Nile. The
Blue Nile rises in Abyssinia, and the White Nile, the real
source of the river, in Lake Victoria Nyanza. ‘The over-
flow of the Lower Nile from June to December is caused
by the tropical rains in Abyssinia and those of the interior.
The river gradually rises for three months and as slowly
subsides, leaving a narrow stream for the remainder of the
year. By this overflow the valley lands for an extent of
from ten to twenty miles from the river bank become
among the most fertile in the world. Above its mouth for
nearly 1,500 miles no rivers or creeks flow into it.

172. Describe the Rio de la Plata.

The La Plata River is a great estuary 200 miles long,
formed by the union of the Parana and Uruguay Rivers.
For 1,000 miles on the Parana there is continuous and safe
navigation for vessels of three hundred tons burden.

173. Describe Egypt. ,

Egypt is nearly as large as Texas; about three-fourths
of its area consists of sandy deserts. The settled parts are
principally in the valley of the Nile, which is from ro to
20 miles wide. Egypt is noted for its ancient ruins. Its

152 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

pyramids, temples, sphinxes, statues, and the caves hewn
in the rocks, are traces of its former civilization.

174. Ly what two great commercial routes can we travel
around the world, starting from New York?

We can cross the Atlantic; enter the Mediterranean
Sea; pass through the Suez Canal; sail down the Red Sea
into the Indian Ocean; skirt the southern points of Asia
to Canton; thence cross the Pacific to San Francisco; and
thence cross the continent by rail to New York.

Or, we can sail southwest until nearly opposite Rio
Janeiro; cross the Atlantic; round the Cape of Good
Hope; sail through the Indian Ocean to the East Indies,
and thence up the China Sea to Canton; cross the Pacific
to San Francisco; sail thence to Panama and cross the
Isthmus by rail; and sail thence north through the West
Indies, to New York.

175. What country has the most and the longest lines of
railroad ? .

The United States.

176. Between what parallels does the United States Jie,
and how far are these parallels apart ?

Between the 26th and 4gth. ‘The distance from the
southern point of ‘Texas to the British possessions is about
1,600 miles. .

177. What ts the longitude of San Francisco, and about
how far ts it from New York City?

It is about 45° west from Washington, and about 3,000
miles from New York. .

178. What State is the geographical centre of the United
States ?

Kansas, if we do not include Hawaii in the United
States. It is also the centre of population.

GEOGRAPHY. 153

179. Which country produces the most cotton? Which the
most sugar? Which the most coffee? Which the most rice?
Which the most tea?

Of cotton the United States produces most; of sugar,
the West Indies; of coffee, Brazil; of rice and tea, China.

180. What countries produce largely of the same products?

Of cotton, the United States, South America and Egypt;
of sugar, the United States and South America; of coffee,
Java, the West Indies and the United States; of rice, the
United States and Egypt.

181. What country produces the most spices?

The Spice Islands are celebrated for the production of
cloves, nutmegs, and other spices. Java produces more
pepper than all other countries combined.

182. What are cloves, and how do they grow ?

The unexpanded clove flowers, dried. The clove tree
grows to the height of from twenty to thirty feet.

183. What are nutmegs?

The fruit of the nutmeg tree. This tree is about the
size of the common pear. .

184. What is a mountain system?

Several ranges near each other and connected.

185. Mame the mountain systems of America.

The Rocky, Californian, Alleghanian, Andean, Parime
and Brazilian.

186. What is the length of the longest day at the equator,
at the Tropic of Cancer, on the Arctic Circle, and at the North
Pole?

At the equator the length of the days is always twelve
hours; at the tropics the longest day is about thirteen and
one-half hours; on the Polar Circles twenty-four hours; at
the Poles six months.

154 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

187. Why does so little rain fall in South America west
of the Andes?

Rains from the Pacific are of rare occurrence, and the
height of the Andes shuts off the rain-clouds from the east.

188. Which large city in Europe is noted for (a) the manu-
facture of cotton cloth? (b) Which for silks? (c) For
linen? (d) Forcutlery? (e) For laces?

(a) Manchester; (4) Lyons; (c) Belfast; (@) Sheffield;
(e) Brussels.

189. What are the leading pursuits of the people of the
New England States?

Agriculture, manufacturing, lumbering and commerce.

190. Whatare the products of the New England States?

Grains, butter, cheese, wool, maple sugar, and live stock.

191. Where are manufactures carried on to the greatest
extent in these States? Name some of the most famous cittes
Jor the manufacture of cotton ?

The chief manufacturing centres are on the Merrimac
and Pawtucket Rivers. Lowell, Lawrence, Fall River,
Pawtucket and Woonsocket are noted for their cotton
manufactures.

192. What ts remarkable about the Merrimac River ?

It is said to be more extensively used for manufacturing
purposes than any other river in the world.

193. What is said of the climate, sotl, agricultural products,
and commerce of New England ?

The winters are long and severe, and the summers short
but hot. The soil is generally stony and not very fertile,
except in the valleys. The agricultural products are not
sufficient to supply the wants of the population. The
many excellent harbors, the comparative nearness to
Europe, and the abundance of ship timber have contrib-
uted to establish an extensive foreign commerce.

GEOGRAPHY. 155

194. How do the New England States compare in size
with California?

They are about two-fifths of California’s size.

195. What noted colleges are located at Cambridge and New
flaven? e

Harvard at Cambridge and Yale at New Haven.

196. What important industries are carried on at Lynn,
New Bedford, Springfield, Worcester and Portland?

Lynn is famous for its manufacture of boots and shoes,
New Bedford for its whale fisheries and manufactories,
Springfield for the greatest arsenal in the United States,
Worcester as a railroad and manufacturing centre, Port-
land for the terminus of the Grand Trunk Railway of
Canada.

197. Where ts Mount Washington, and what ts its height?

It is the highest peak of the White Mountains in New
Hampshire, and is 6,288 feet high.

198. Where is marble obtained?

Chiefly from extensive quarries in Vermont and Italy.
It is found also in Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Tennessee and Georgia.

199. What ts granite, and where is tt found?
It is a very hard rock, much used for millstones and solid

architecture. It is found in the Eastern States.

200. What State ts called (a) the “ Granite State’? (b)
_ the “ Pine-tree State”? (c) the “ Green Mountain State”? (d)
the “ Bay State” ?

(a) New Hampshire; (4) Maine; (c) Vermont; (@) Mas-
sachusetts.

201. For what are Lexington and Concord famous?

For the opening engagements of the war of the Revolu-
tion, April 19, 1775.

156 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

202. How many square miles in the area of Rhode Island,
and how many States of the same size could be formed out of
the State of Texas?

Rhode Island contains 1,300 square miles. Texas would
make 183 Rhode Islands.

203. How does Maine compare in size with the other five
New England States?

It is nearly as large.

204. What is particularly noticeable about the northern
boundary of Connecticut ?

The boundary line, otherwise straight, swerves in order
to take one township and part of another from the State of
Connecticut and give them to Massachusetts.

205. What ts the size of California?

About 189,000 square miles.

206. What ts the surface of this State?

A large nortion of it is traversed by mountain ranges. A
great agricultural valley lies between the Sierra Nevada
and the Coast Range, and extends 500 miles.

207. What is the name of this valley, and from what did
at derive its name ?

It is called the Sacramento and San Joaquin Valley, and
derives its name from the Sacramento River, which rises
in the northern part of the State, and the San Joaquin,
which rises in the southern part. These rivers flow to.
ward each other and empty into a branch of San Fran-
cisco Bay.

208. What is the Golden Gate?

A narrow strait about four miles long, which is the en-
trance from the Paciftc Ocean to San Francisco Bay.

209. What ts the climate of the Pacific coast?

It is mild and equable in temperature, but has great ex-

GEOGRAPHY. 157

tremes of moisture. The seasons are termed the wet and
the dry. About Puget Sound there is a greater rain-fall
than in any other part of the United States, except Alaska.

210. What natural curiosities do we find in California?

The. Big Trees and the Yosemite Valley are two of the
chief wonders of nature. The Big Trees are gigantic ever-
greens, some more than one hundred feet in circumfer-
ence, 400 feet high, and 3,000 years old. ‘The Yosemite
Valley is a remarkable chasm ten miles long and three
wide, with perpendicular walls of granite from 3,000 to
5,000 feet high, over which the Merced River, in three
-leaps, falls more than 2,000 feet.

211. What are the products of this section ?

Wheat, wool, lumber, salmon, gold, wine, and a great
variety of fruits.

212. What can be said of the fisheries of the Columbia
River?

They are an immense industry.

213. What can be said of the valley of Puget Sound, and
its climate ? <

The Puget Sound country is very fertile and its climate
mild, which is due to the warm ocean current flowing by
its shores. ‘The same latitude on the Atlantic is almost
a cold, barren waste.

214. Describe Alaska.

It has an area of 577,000 square miles, or more than ten
times that of Illinois. The climate is cold, and with the
exception of the southern extremity it seems unfit for civil-
ization. In the northern part the coast is low and marshy,
while in the south it is mountainous. The Yukon and
Pelly Rivers are remarkable for their breadth and
length.

158 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

215. Whatis its form of government ?

It is a Territory, but has no legislature and no represen-
tation in Congress.

216. Js this possession valuable to the United States?

. Its value is already considerable, and may become very

great, as the salmon fisheries are inexhaustible and mining
is attracting much attention. The seal fisheries yield an
annual revenue to the government, which has varied some-
what in recent years. Late discoveries of gold have added
to its value.

217. How are the seal fisheries conducted?

A contract or license is granted to a company, who are
allowed to kill so many seals each year and pay the gov-
ernment for this exclusive privilege.

218. Which is the principal settlement, and what ts its
climatic peculiarity ?

Sitka. The rain-fall at this point is about seven and a
half feet a year.

219. When was gold discovered in California ?

It was first announced in February, 1848.

220. What ts the climate of California?

There are two seasons, the wet and the dry. In the lati-
tude of San Francisco the wet season lasts from the middle
of November to the middle of May.

221. What is the difference in latitude between San Fran-
cisco and Richmond? '

»

Richmond is about twenty-five miles south of the be

tude of San Francisco.

"222. How far north of Richmond is New York City?

About 230 miles.

GEOGRAPHY, 159

223. What part of South America is in the same latitude
south of the equator, that the middle of the United States is
north of it?

The northern part of Patagonia.

224. How does Brazil compare in size with the United
States (not including Alaska or the Hawaiian Islands) ?

It is a little larger than the United States, containing
about 3,230,000 square miles.

225. What city of the West Indies is in the same latitude
north of the equator that Rio Janetro is south of it?
Havana.

226. Describe South America.

It is a vast peninsula, occupying the southern half of the
Western Continent. Its length from north to south is
about 4,000 miles, and its greatest breadth is about 3,000.
Three great mountain systems diversify the surface, viz.,
the Andean, which stretches along the western coast; the
Parime, which consists of several parallel ranges extending
from east to west between the Orinoco and the Amazon
Rivers; and the Brazilian system, which consists of two
ranges running parallel to the coast of Brazil, with several
diverging ‘chains. Between these mountain systems ex-
tends a vast plain, which may be divided into four parts
—the llanos, the selvas, the pampas, and the wastes of
Patagonia.

227. What are the llanos?

Level grazing tracts which occupy most.of the basin of
the Orinoco. During the dry season they are parched and
desolate, but with the return of rain rich pastures are
abundant.

228. What are the selvas?

The forest plains of the Amazon, occupying the lower
part of the basin and extending as far as the periodical in-
undation.

-

160 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

229. What are the pampas?

Tracts in Argentina, covered with a heavy growth of
grass which affords sustenance to great herds of cattle
and horses.

230. What are the wastes of Patagonia ?

Sterile tracts covered with sand and gravel.

231. Whatis a plateau, or tableland?

An extensive flat tract considerably elevated above the
level of the sea.

232. How may the plateaus of South America be divided?

The Great Plateau of the Andes; the elevated plains of
Quito, Bogota, and Popayan; and the tableland of Brazil.

233. Describe the plateau of the Andes.

It is an extensive tract of lofty tableland, stretching along
the tops of the Andes between parallels 3° and 15° south
latitude, with an elevation of nearly 13,000 feet.

234. Describe Quito.

It is situated under the equator, on the side of a volcanic
mountain, 9,500 feet above the sea. The climate is that
of continuous spring. Earthquakes are frequent. Eleven
summits of the Andes covered with perpetual snow are in
sight of it.

235. What are Chimborazo and Cotopaxi?

Volcanoes of Ecuador. Chimborazo is a peak of the
Andes range, 21,440 feet high. Cotopaxi, 18,900 feet high,
is the most tremendous volcano in the world. The flame
sometimes rises 3,000 feet above the top.

236. What ts the Peruvian balsa?

A light raft, formed of inflated skins covered with a light
platform. It is used for unloading vessels through the
breakers, which continually dash upon the shores and

prevent the approach of any-ordinary boat. ;

GEOGRAPHY. 161

237. Describe the Cassiquiare River.

It connects the Orinoco and Rio Negro Rivers. The
tract of country through which it flows is so level that a
rise or fall of the Orinoco governs the course of that river
which flows during a portion of the year into the Amazon,
and at other times in an opposite direction.

238. How far north does South America extend?

Twelve and a half degrees north of the equator.

239. How may we divide the countries of South America?

Into three divisions: Portuguese South America, Spanish
South America, and the Guianas.

240. What does Portuguese South America comprise?
The Empire of Brazil.

241. What do the Guianas comprise ?
The British, French and Dutch colonies.

242. What does Spanish South America comprise ?

Nine independent republics, viz.: Venezuela, Colombia,
Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chili, Argentine Confederation,
Uruguay and Paraguay.

243. Why are these republics called the Spanish division?
They were once colonies of Spain, and the Spanish lan-
guage is spoken there.

244. Describe these republics.

Venezuela, the most northern country of South America,
is tropical in climate, and exports coffee, cocoa and tropical
fruits.

Colombia occupies the northwest part, embracing the
Isthmus of Panama, and is the most important of the five
northern republics. :

Ecuador lies south of Colombia, and its exports are co-
coa, coffee, India-rubber and Peruvian bark.

162 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Peru lies south of Ecuador, and has more miles of rail-
road than any other country of South America. Its chief
exports are guano and saltpetre. Silver mining is an im-
portant industry.

Bolivia has but little commerce; its people are not very
energetic. Its exports are Peruvian bark, saltpetre and
silver-ore.

Chili occupies a narrow strip of sea-coast extending from
Peru to Cape Horn. It is the most enterprising country
of South America, and a large proportion of its inhabitants
are Europeans. Its chief exports are copper-ore, silver and
wheat. ‘The climate is semi-tropical in the northern part
and extends into the cold, barren regions on the south.

Argentina, or the Argentine Confederation, stands next
to Chili in enterprise. Its climate is semi-tropical, and its
exports are hides, wool and flax. The country is little
more than an extensive plain, with the finest grazing in the
world. Large herds of cattle, horses and sheep are suc-
cessfully handled here. ‘Two-thirds of the hides are shipped
to the United States. Education is rapidly advancing.
The location of this country is in the southern hemisphere
what that of the United States is in the northern.

Uruguay and Paraguay formerly belonged to the Ar-
gentine Confederation, but are now independent republics.
Their exports and climate are similar to the Argentine Con-
federation. Paraguay is the weakest of the nine Spanish
republics, and is the only other country of South America, |
excepting Bolivia, having no sea-coast.

245. How many inhabitants has South America, and how
are they divided in regard to race? i
South America has somewhat less than 30,000,000 in-
habitants, of whom one-third are whites, one-third Indians,

and the remainder Negroes and persons of mixed blood.

246. What about local commerce and civilization?

As South America is largely in the torrid zone, the climate

CEOGRAPHY. 163

does not inspire activity, and commerce naturally drags ;
but as civilization advances, general prosperity increases.
The whole continent is fast feeling the influence of the en-
lightenment of the United States and Europe.

247. What are the natural resources and industries?

There are no large gulfs or bays to indent the shores,
and no great lakes, and hence small natural facilities for
commerce. ‘The opportunities for manufacturing, also, are
far inferior to those of North America. The great central
plain supports millions of cattle, horses and sheep. The
industries mostly have to do with the products of tropical
climates. Gold, silver, copper and diamonds are found
and extensively mined.

248. Which ts the most important country for the commerce
of the United States?

Brazil.

249. What can you say of the railroads of South America?

They are short. Chili has the best system, and Brazil
has about 2,000 miles.

250. What part of South America ts in the same latitude
as Cape Colony?

Uruguay.

251. What city in Austraha ts in nearly the same latitude
as Buenos Ayres?

Sydney.

252. What large city in the United States is in nearly the

same longitude as Quito?
Buffalo.

253. What part of the western coast of Africa is in the
same latitude as Cape Gallinas?

Near Cape Verde.

164 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

254. Where is Cape Horn?

It projects from Horn Island, which is southwest from
Hermit Island.

255. Whatis Tierra del Fuego?

The most southern part of the inhabited world, and is
peopled by a race of savages who live chiefly by fishing.

256. Whence did it derive its name?
It was discovered by Magellan, in 1520, and named by
him on account of the number of fires he saw along the

coast, which he supposed to be eruptions of volcanoes.
The meaning of Tierra del Fuego is “land of fire.”

257. Why was Patagonia so named?

It was taken from the Spanish word /atagon — a man
with large feet. Magellan gave the inhabitants of this
country the name of Patagonians on account of their feet,
which, being wrapped in skins, seemed much larger than
they really were.

258. Which cape in South America is the most northern,
which the most southern?

Cape Gallinas is farthest north, and Cape Horn farthest
south.

259. Which is the most eastern, and which the most western?

Cape St. Roque is the most eastern, and Cape Parina
the most western.

260. Where is Lake Reys, and what river ts its outlet?

It is in Peru, and the Ucayle River is its outlet. This
jake is the source of the Amazon. ;

261. What is the general character of the lakes of South
America?

With the exception of Lake Titicaca and Lake Ma-
racaibo, they are more like vast morasses than lakes.

GEOGRAPHY. 165

262. Describe Lakes Titicaca and Maracaibo.

Lake Titicaca is a saltish lake, about half as large as
Lake Erie, and is situated on the Great Plateau nearly
13,000 feet above the level of the Pacific Ocean. Its
waters are inland, having no outlet to the ocean. Lake
Maracaibo is, more properly speaking, a bay, being con-
nected by a strait with the Caribbean Sea.

263. Where are the Lobos and Chincha Islands?
They lie off the coast of Peru.

264. For what are they valuable?

They are of great value for the immense quantities of
guano found upon them.

265. Which is the smallest division of South America, and
what State is about the same size?

French Guiana, which contains about 3,500 square miles,
is about the size of Maine.

266. How does Brazil compare in size to the whole of
South America?

It contains nearly one-half of the peninsula.

267. Describe this country.

It was once a colony of Portugal, and Portuguese is the
language of the civilized inhabitants. An ocean telegraph
connects Brazil with Portugal, and another with the United
States by way of the West Indies. Brazil furnishes the
greater part of the coffee used in the world, more than one-
half of which comes to the United States. Cotton, sugar,
hides, dye-woods, India-rubber and diamonds are also pro-
duced in large quantities.

268. What important enterprise is being pushed on the
Isthmus of Panama?

A ship canal. It is understood that it shall not become
a possession of any foreign government. With Colombia

166 COMMON SCHOOL -QUESTION BOOK.

we have a treaty of protection. The United States guaran-
tees that no other power shall take possession of her lands
or government.

269. Who was Count Ferdinand de Lesseps?

A great French engineer who built the Suez Canal,
and who started the building of the canal on the Isthmus
of Panama.

270. Describe the Andes Mountains.

They begin in low hills on the Isthmus of Panama, and
end at Cape Horn in a bleak and naked rock rising 3,500
feet above the sea. In Patagonia they rise abruptly from
the shore, but farther north they are from 60 to 100 miles
from the coast. They consist generally of parallel ranges
of lofty mountains, with high valleys and tablelands be-
tween. This system is from 30 to 400 miles wide.

271. What does British America comprise?

About one-third of the continent of North America, to-
gether with many adjacent islands. Its chief divisions are
the Dominion of Canada, the Province of Newfoundland,
the Bermuda Islands, the Bahamas, Jamaica and several
colonies in the West Indies.

272. What are the divisions of the Dominion of Canada?

Quebec, Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, British
Columbia, Manitoba, and the Northwest Territories.

273. What are the noteworthy characteristics of the Do-
minion as to climate, surface, trade, etc.?

The climate is severe, except in the southern parts of
British Columbia and Ontario. The surface as a whole is
considered level. British Columbia and the provinces east
of Manitoba are great forest regions. Between the Rocky
Mountains and Manitoba are extensive prairies. Trade
is principally with Great Britain and the United States.
The exports are fish, coal, grain and lumber.

GEOGRAPHY. 167

274. How does the Dominion compare in size with the
United States ?

Its population is 4,375,000 or only about , that of the
United States; and its area is 3,500,000, or about the same
as that of the United States.

275. What island forms a part of the province of Nova
Scotia?

Cape Breton.

276. Describe Newfoundland,

The surface is generally rocky and barren. The coast is
indented by deep inlets, which form many excellent harbors.
It is noted for its fisheries.

277. Describe Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, New
Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario.

Nova Scotia has many good harbors and valuable fish-
eries; it is favorably located for commerce, and exports
fish, sheep, coal and gypsum. Prince Edward Island has
a fertile soil, and agriculture is the leading occupation of
its inhabitants. New Brunswick is noted for its timber
forests, and exports great quantities of lumber and fish.
Quebec has a severe climate, and is noted for its pictur-
esque scenery; Montreal, the largest city of this province,
has an extensive commerce, and ships large quantities of
grain. Ontario has a mild climate, compared with Quebec,
and produces a great amount of grain and lumber.

278. Describe Manitoba and British Columbia.

Manitoba is in the basin of the great wheat-growing region
of the North, and is rapidly increasing in population; the
Red River of the North, flowing from the United States,
and the Winnipeg Lake with the Saskatchawan River
afford 2,000 miles of inland navigation. British Columbia
abounds in salmon, timber, coal, gold and other metals.

168 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

279. Describe the Northwest Territories.

They are divided into Provisional Districts: Athabasca,
Alberta, Saskatchawan and Assiniboia. They promise to
become eventually the greatest wheat-producing country
in the world.

280. What ts the government of the provinces of the Do-
minion ?

The chief executive officer is the Governor-General, who
is appointed by the crown of Great Britain. The Legisla-
ture consists of two branches: the members of the lower
branch being elected by the people, but the members of
the other branch appointed by the Governor-General.
Each province has a similar government under a Lieu-
tenant-Governor.

281. For what is the great Saskatchawan Valley noted,
and how large is it?

For the production of wheat; it contains more than
300,000 square miles.

282. What is the Bras @’Or?

It is an arm of the sea which almost divides the Island
of Cape Breton. :

' 283. What French possessions are near these provinces?

The small islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon. They lie
south of Newfoundland, and serve as fishing-stations.

_ 284. What are the banks of Newfoundland?

Shallow places in the sea, the largest being the Grand
Bank, which lies to the eastward of the island. ‘This bank
is more than 600 miles long and 250 miles broad.

285. Where is Anticosta Island ? 2

At the mouth of the St. Lawrence River. It is a barren
island, occupied only by keepers of light-houses on the
coast.

GEOGRAPHY. 169

286. Which of the United States is about the size of New
Brunswick and Prince Edward Island respectively?

South Carolina about equals New Brunswick, and Dela-
ware Prince Edward Island.

287. How is Montreal situated?

On Montreal Island, 32 miles in length, and at the junc-
tion of the Ottawa with the St. Lawrence. ‘The Isle of
Jesus lies north of it.

288. Forwhatis the basin of the St. Lawrence remarkable?

For the grandeur and beauty of its natural scenery.
Niagara Falls, the Thousand Isles, the Rapids of the St.
Lawrence, the falls near Quebec, and the grand scenery of
the Saguenay River are the admiration of thousands of
tourists.

289. For what is the Bay of Fundy noted?

For the highest tides in the world, which rise to the
height of seventy feet.

290. What are tides? Neap tides? Spring tides?

_ Tides are elevations and depressions of the ocean at re-
gular intervals, occurring twice in twenty-four hours. The
neap tides are those with the least ebb and flow, and
occur at the close of the first quarter and first of the last
quarter of the moon. Spring. tides have the greatest ebb
and flow, and occur at the time of the new and the full moon.

291. What are the chief causes of tides?

The attraction of the moon and sun. Probably not one
teacher in a thousand can explain this attraction to the
satisfaction of his pupils. The fact that the water rises on
opposite sides of the earth at the same time is the difficult
part of the question.

292. What are the three distinct movements of the ocean?

Waves, tides and currents.

170 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

293. What are waves?

The action of the winds on the surface of a body of
water. On the ocean, the height of waves produced by
storms averages from ro to 20 feet.

294. What are ocean currents, and how are they caused?

They are like vast rivers, transporting its waters from
one part to another, and are caused by the heat of the sun,
rotation of the earth, saltness of the sea, winds, tides, and
melting ice.

295. How are ocean currents divided ?

Into constant, periodical, and temporary.

296. What ts a counter current?

A stream which runs by the side of, or beneath another
current, and in an opposite direction.

297. Why are the tides of Fundy Bay so much greater
than elsewhere?

The position of the bay is such that the Atlantic tide is
forced into it, and the waters are raised by this pressure
above the adjoining sea.

298. What are the chief productions of the Canadian
provinces?

Grain, hemp, flax, potatoes, lumber, fish,. coal, grind-
stones and gypsum.

299. JVame and locate the capital cities of these provinces.

Halifax, N.S.; Frederickton, N.B.; «Winnipeg, Man.;
Regina, N.W.T.; Ottawa, Ont.; Victoria, B.C.; Quebec,

Que.
300. Zo what province does Labrador belong ?

Newfoundland.

CEOGRAPHY. 171

301. Whatare the obstructions to navigation from the Gulf
of St. Lawrence to Lake Superior?

The rapids of the St. Lawrence, Niagara Falls, and falls
in the River St. Mary.

302. How are these obstructions avoided ?

In ascending the river the rapids are avoided by canals
on the left bank, but the downward passage, though peril-
ous, is made by the river itself. ‘The Welland Canal con-
nects Lakes Ontario and Erie, thereby avoiding the Falls
of Niagara. ‘The falls of the St. Mary River are passed by
a ship canal.

303. How 1s Nova Scotia joined to New Brunswick ?
By an isthmus fourteen miles wide.
304. What islands are in the Niagara River?
Grand, Navy, and Goat.
305. What difficulties of a political ‘nature have of recent
years arisen between Canada and the United States?
’The Canadians claim that American fishermen have in-
vaded British waters.
306. What are the commercial routes of the Dominion?
The chief water route is the St. Lawrence River and the
Great Lakes. The Grand Trunk and Canadian Pacific are
the leading railroads.

307. How ts Oceantca divided ?

Into three-divisions: Malasia, Australasia, and Poly-
nesia.

308. What does Malasia comprise?

The East India Archipelago, which lies to the southeast
of Asia. The principal divisions are the Sunda Isles, Spice
Islands, Philippines, and Celebes.

309. Which are the principal Sunda Isles?
Borneo, Sumatra, and Java.

172 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

310. What are the productions of these islands?

No part of the world is richer in its vegetable products.
The minerals are also valuable. Nearly all the spices that
we use, such as cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs and pepper, are
raised on these islands. Bread-fruit, sago, cocoanuts, ba-
nanas, yams, and various tropical fruits are grown exten-
sively. Coffee is exported from Java; gold and diamonds
from Borneo; tin from Banca; sugar, hemp and tobacco
from the Philippine Islands.

311. What is said of the animals of Malasia?

They are among the largest and fiercest on earth. The
tiger, rhinoceros, elephant and ourang-outang are found
in Sumatra.

312. What are the inhabitants?

Principally Malays.

313. What nations have possessions here?

Java, the Spice Islands, Sumatra, Celebes, a part of Bor-
neo, and most of Timor belong to the Dutch. The Philip-
pine Islands belonged to Spain until the war of 1898 be-
tween that country and the United States. A part of both
Borneo and Papua belongs to England; and part of Timor
belongs to the Portuguese.

314. Which are the most important cities of this archt-
pelago?

Batavia and Manila.

315. How large is Borneo? Sumatra? Java? Celebes ?
The Philippine Isles?

Borneo contains about 260,000 square miles, Sumatra
125,000, Java 52,000, Celebes 46,000,-and the Philippines
66,000.

316. Which State is about the size of Celebes?

Pennsylvania.

GEOGRAPHY. 173

317. Jn which zone are these islands situated ?

The torrid. The equator crosses Sumatra, Borneo,
Celebes, and some of the Spice Islands.

318. What ts the surface of these islands?

Most of them are mountainous, and many contain active
volcanoes; Java alone contains forty-three.

319. Are these islands thickly inhabited?

With the exception of Java, they are not. Java, which
is about the size of Arkansas, contains 18,000,000 people.

320. What does Australasia comprise?

This is the largest division of Oceanica, and comprises
Australia, Papua or New Guinea, Tasmania, New Zealand,
New Caledonia, and many other islands.

321. What race of people are called Papuans? Where are
they found, and what is noticeable of them?

They are a cannibal negro race and inhabit a long group
of islands extending from New Guinea to New Caledonia.

322. Zo what country do Australia, New Zealand, and
Tasmania belong?

To Great Britain.

323. What possession has France in these divisions?

New Caledonia.

324. How is Australia divided?

Into Western Australia, South Australia, Queen’s Land,
New South Wales and Victoria.

325. How large is Australia?

About four-fifths as large as the United States.

326. What is the surface of this island?

Near the coast are mountain ranges. The central re-
gions have never been explored, but are supposed to con-

174 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

sist of a low, barren plain. ‘The Murray is the only river
of much importance.

327. What are the inhabitants ?

The greater part of them are Europeans and their de-
scendants. The natives are of the Papuan race.

328. What are the chief pursuits of the people?

Mining and raising wool. They also produce large
amounts of wheat, indigo, cotton, sugar, coffee, tin and
copper.

329. What ts the government of Australia?

The colonies are politically independent of one another,
and are governed by representatives chosen by universal
suffrage, and by executive officers appointed by the British
crown.

330. What do you say of the climate and vegetation ?

The northern part is tropical, while the southern part is
subjected to sudden successions of floods and droughts.

331. How is Australia connected by telegraph with Europe?

One line, from the principal cities, crosses the middle of
the continent to the northwest coast, and is continued by
ocean cable to British India, and thence through Asia and
Europe. Other lines and cables connect directly with
London.

332. What may be said of the native animals of Australia?

The largest is the kangaroo. The most singular one is
the platypus, which has the body of an otter and the bill of
a duck, and lays eggs.

333. Which are the principal cities?

Melbourne, Victoria; Sydney, New South Wales; Ade-
laide, South Australia; and Perth, West Australia.

GEOGRAPHY. 175

334. Js this country thickly settled ?

It is not. The estimated number of inhabitants is
2,000,000,

335. Describe Tasmania.

It is about one-half as large as England, and is a fine
agricultural island, inhabited solely by European colonists.

336. Where is New Zealand?

Southeast of Asia. The surface is mountainous, and the
inhabitants belong to the Malay race.

337. What ts said of Papua and the other islands?

They are but little known. ‘There are no considerable
white settlements in any of them except New Caledonia.

338. What does Polynesia include?

A multitude of islands scattered through the Pacific
Ocean.

339. LVame the principal groups.

The Sandwich, Society, Friendly, Marquesas, Caroline
and Ladrone Islands.

340. What is the surface of the islands of Polynesia?

There are either mountainous, principally of volcanic for-
mation, or low islands, which are the work of the coral ani-
mal.

341. What are the native inhabitants?

Mostly of the Malay race.

342. What may be said of the animals?

When first discovered, these islands contained neither
insects nor reptiles, and no animal larger than a hog.

343. Which ts the only important town in Polynesia?

Honolulu, on Oahu, one of the Sandwich (or Hawaiian)
Islands.

176 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

344. Mame the Middle States, and tell how they compare
in size to the New England States.

New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware;
they are about twice as large as New England.

345. Which is the larger, New York or Pennsylvania?

New York contains 47,000 square miles, and Pennsylvania
46,000.

346. What ts the surface of these States?

New York is somewhat undulating; it contains the
Catskill and the Adirondack Mountains. Pennsylvania
is rather mountainous; the Alleghany system attains its
greatest breadth here. The greater part of New Jersey, ,
Delaware and Maryland is low and generally sandy.

347. What can be said of New York?

In wealth, population, and commercial importance, it
holds the first rank in the Union.

348. for what are Rochester, Syracuse, West Point, and
Saratoga noted?

Rochester has the most extensive flour-mills in the East,
and Syracuse the greatest salt-works in the country. West
Point is the seat of the United States Military Academy,
and Saratoga is well known as a fashionable watering-
place.

349. For what is Pennsylvania noted?

It is one of the richest States in the Union. Much of
its wealth lies in mining and manufacturing, but it is also
rich in grain and live stock.

350. What may be said of tts minerals?

The mines of iron and coal far surpass those of any other
State. Petroleum in large quantities is found in the north-
western part.

GEOGRAPHY. 177

351. For what are Pittsburg and Philadelphia noted?

Pittsburg is the greatest iron manufacturing city, and
Philadelphia is the second greatest manufacturing city in
the Union.

352. Where is Fairmount Park, and what great event
occurred there in recent years?

It is in Philadelphia, and the great world’s fair of 1876,
called the Centennial Exposition, was held there.

353. What ts the estimated population of the City of New
York?

It is estimated at about 3,500,000.

354. Describe the Brooklyn Bridge.

See answer No. 651 on United States History.

3c5. What gift of the French people is in New York
harbor?

The Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World.

356. What are the pursuits of the people of New Jersey?

Chiefly agricultural. They supply the vegetable markets
of New York and Philadelphia.

357. What noted resorts for sea-bathing are in this State?

Long Branch, Asbury Park, Cape May and Atlantic City.

358. How large is Delaware?

With the exception of Rhode Isi:and, it is the smallest
State in the Union; contains only 2,120 square miles.

359. Describe the District of Columbia?

It is situated on the Potomac River, and has an area of
sixty square miles. It contains Washington and George-
town. It is under the government of Congress.

360. How great a fall has the cataract of Niagara?
One hundred and sixty-five feet.

178 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK

=

361. How are the West Indies divided?

Into the Greater Antilles, the Lesser Antilles, and the
Bahamas.

362. What islands belong to the Greater Antilles?

Cuba, Hayti, Jamaica, and Porto Rico.

363. What do the Lesser Antilles include?

The chain of islands extending from Porto Rico to South
America.

364. What and where are the Bahama Islands?

They are low islands of coral formation, and lie north
of the Greater Antilles.

365. Zo what country do these islands belong?

Cuba and Porto Rico lately belonged to Spain, but
Cuba is now free, and Porto Rico has come into possession
of the United States, owing to the Spanish-American war
of 1898; Jamaica, the Bahamas, and most of the Lesser
Antilles belong to Great Britain; Hayti is independent;
and the remaining islands are owned by France, Denmark,
Holland and Venezuela.

366. What are the inhabitants of these islands?

Principally whites, and free negroes, with some Chinese.
About one-sixth are whites.

367. What is the surface of the Antilles? ,

Mountainous. The mountains are supposed to be the
remains of a chain which at some remote period connected
North and South America.

368. What are the productions?

Tropical fruits, sugar, coffee, tobacco, rum, mahogany
and spices.

369. What ts rum?

Spirits distilled from moiasses.

GEOGRAPHY. 179

370. How ts the tsland of Hayti divided?
Between two republics, Santo Domingo and Hayti.

371. What ts the history of this tsland?

It once belonged to France and Spain. In. 1791 the
slaves in the western, or French division, rose against their
masters, and after a bloody war succeeded in establishing
an empire, which presently became a republic. In 1849,
the President (Soulouque) proclaimed himself emperor,
with the title of Faustin I. After a reign of ten years he
was deposed, and a republican form of government was
again adopted. In 1821 the eastern division revolted from
Spain and became a republic.

372. Where are the Bermuda Islands, and to whom do
they belong ?

They are east of the United States and belong to Great
Britain. There are about 400 of these islands, but most
of them are so small and barren that they have neither
name nor inhabitants.

373. How large are Cuba and Hayti?

Cuba is about the size of Pennsylvania, and Hayti is
about half as large as Michigan, containing 28,000 square
miles.

374. What are keys?

Small rocky islands of coral formation.

375: What ts a reef?

A chain of rocks lying near the surface of the water.
376. Describe the southern coast of Florida.

It is fringed with reefs, and, as many of the rocks are
just below the surface of the water, they are dangerous to
navigation.

377. Where is Key West, and what are its exports?

It is the most southerly town in the United States proper,

180 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

on an island of coral formation southwest of the mainland
of Florida. Its exports are salt and sponge.
378. How is salt made in Key West?

By solar evaporation.

379. What ts sponge?
A soft porous growth, which is found attached to rocks
below the surface of the water.

380. What ts the general surface of Florida}?

Level. In the south, dense marshy thickets called
everglades cover the surface and are of 160 by about 60
miles in area.

381. What are the products of this State?

Cotton, corn, sugar-cane, rice, and tobacco. Tropical
fruits, such as oranges, lemons, figs, pomegranates, pine-
apples, olives, etc., are abundant.

382. Whatis Lake Okeechobee, and where is it?

It is a great swamp connected with the everglades, near
the southern part of Florida.

383. What scheme is proposed by civil engineers in regard to
this swamp ?

They propose that capitalists shall drain these lands by
a system of canals. As the lands when drained will be
unsurpassed in fertility, it is reasonable to suppose that
eventually this will be done.

384. Why has Florida so few good harbors?

On account of the many reefs or keys which skirt the
shores, and the lowness of the land as it approaches the

sea.
385. Which State ts split by the Mississippi River?

Louisiana. About one-fifth of the State is on the east
side of the river.

GEOGRAPHY. 181

386. On which side of the river is New Orleans? De-
scribe tt.

On the east side, about 100 miles from the mouth. _ It is
the greatest cotton mart in the world, and is built around
a bend in the river, whence it is called the Crescent City.
The foundation is artificial, as it was built on a swamp.
It lies below the level of the river, but is protected by the
levee, which at this place is a continuous quay, four miles
long and 100 feet wide.

387. What is the soil of Louisiana?

It is varied. The richest tract is a belt of land from one
to two miles wide, on both sides of the river, extending
from 150 miles above to roo miles below New Orleans.
This tract is annually inundated by the spring floods.
Only a small part of the State is under cultivation.

388. How many Territories are there in the United States?

Three organized, and two unorganized. Arizona, New
Mexico and Oklahoma are organized. Indian Territory
and Alaska are not. Hawaii and Porto Rico are annexed
territories.

389. What does Danish America include?

Greenland and Iceland.

390. Has Greenland been fully explored?

It has not. The interior and northern parts are unknown,
and it is supposed by some that the island is only a pro-
jection of an Arctic continent not yet discovered.

391. Why was Greenland so named?

It was named by an Icelandic chief, who, for some crime,
was obliged to flee from his native land. ‘To induce his
countrymen to follow him, he falsely represented his new
home to be superior in fertility to Iceland.

182 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

392. Describe Iceland.

It is of volcanic formation. Ranges of high, rugged
mountains border the coast, while the interior is a dreary
of desert volcanoes, ice-clad mountains, or fields of lava.

393. What natural curiosities are here?

The geysers, or boiling springs. About fifty of these
hot springs occupy an area not exceeding twelve acres.
Some throw up water, and even large stones, to a great
height.

394. What is supposed to be the cause of this phenomenon?

Nearness to Mount Hecla, which is only thirty-five miles
distant, or a volcanic commotion beneath the springs them-
- selves.

395. What gave its name to Iceland?

It was named by a Norwegian pirate who, on his first
visit, saw a bay filled with ice, which had floated thither
from Greenland.

396. Which are the principal towns of Danish America?
Lichtenfels and Reikiavik.

397. How much larger is Asia than Africa?

About 4,000,000 square miles.

398. What ts the greatest length and breadth of Africa?

From north to south it measures about 5,000 miles; its
greatest breadth is about 4,800 miles.

399. Give a short description of Africa.

Large parts of it have not been fully explored. The
shores are not indented by deep gulfs or inlets, which is
one of the principal reasons why the interior is so little
known. The surface is varied. There are mountain sys-
tems, sandy deserts and elevated plateaus. The greater
part is in the torrid zone, and, much of the country being

GEOGRAPHY. 183

desert land, it is, as a whole, the hottest and driest grand
division of the globe.

400. What are the inhabitants?

Except the northern part and some settlements on the
coast, the inhabitants are negro tribes, whose religion is
paganism and their condition barbarous.

401. What are the chief countries of Barbary?

Morocco, Algiers, Tunis and Tripoli.

402. To what nations do they belong?

Morocco is an independent empire. Algiers is a colony
of France. ‘Tunis and Tripoli are dependencies of Turkey.

403. How large ts the Desert of Sahara?

From 750 to 1,200 miles wide, and 3,000 long.

404. Describe the Soudan, its exports, and how tts com-
merce ts carried on.

It occupies a large part of Central Africa, extending
across the continent south of the Great Desert. The soil
is fertile, and the climate tropical and similar to the Ama-
zon Valley. It contains a number of semi-barbarous states
of large population. ‘The religion is chiefly Mohammedan,
although a great many tribes of negroes are pagans and
combine with their religion a belief in evil spirits, witch-
craft and magic charms, known as fetichism. The exports
are gold, ivory, ostrich feathers and gum arabic, Com-
merce is carried on by caravans.

405. How is Southern Africa divided?

Cape Colony, Natal, Zululand, the Transvaal, Orange
Free State, Bechuna, Namaqua, Damara and Rhodesia.

406. How are these countries governed?

Cape Colony, Zululand, Rhodesia and Natal are British
colonies. ‘The others are independent.

184 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

. 407. Where and what is Liberia?

It is on the western coast of Africa, and is a negro re-
public, with a government modeled after that of the United
States. The republic was founded in 1821 by the Ameri-
can Colonization Society, as a place of refuge for free
blacks and liberated slaves from the United States.

408. Where ts the colony of Sierra Leone?

Above Liberia. It was founded for the same purpose in
1787, by the British government.

409. What are the principal exports of Africa?

They differ in different parts. The southern part ex-
ports corn, wine, wool, hides, horns, ivory, gold and dia-
monds; the western, ebony, palm oil, gold dust, and
ostrich feathers; the northern, fruits, wool, hides, gums,
indigo, salt, leather, cotton, rice, opium, coffee, and many
other articles.

410. Describe Madagascar.

It is the largest of the African islands, containing 240,-
ooo square miles. It is mountainous and but little known.
Part of the inhabitants belong to the African and part to
the Malay race.

411. What city is the largest in Africa? The second in
size?

Cairo is the largest and Alexandria the second.

412. Where are Port Said and Suez?
At the two ends of the Suez Canal.

413. How long ts the Suez Canal, and to what nation
does it belong?

It is 65 miles long and belongs virtually to England an
France. |

GEOGRAPHY. 185

414. Locate the capital cities of the Territories of the United
States.

Santa Fé, New Mexico; Phoenix, Arizona; Tahlequah,
Indian Territory; Guthrie, Oklahoma; and Sitka, Alaska.

415.. for what are Idaho and Montana noted?

For their rich gold and silver mines, and their natural
advantages for grazing and stock-raising.

416. Where ts Yellowstone Park?

In the northwest corner of Wyoming. It contains 3,600
square miles. It contains many deep canyons, lofty falls,
bathing pools, geysers, lakes, and other natural beauties
and wonders. It has been set aside by Congress as a
“perpetual reservation for the benefit and instruction of
mankind.”

417. Describe North and South Dakota.

They are less mountainous than Idaho or Montana.
Much of their surface consists of rolling prairie land, well
watered, and especially adapted for farming and cattle-
raising.

418. Describe the Union Pacific Railroad.

It is a great transcontinental route, lying west of the
Missouri River. It passes through the southern part of Ne-
braska, up the valley of the Platte River, touching the
northern boundary line of Colorado and the southern part

of Wyoming, through Northern Utah and Nevada, and
thus to California.

419. lVame the principal towns on this railroad.

Omaha, Fremont, Columbus, Kearney, Julesburg, Chey-
enne, Laramie and Ogden.

420. How ts Salt Lake City situated?

It is on the Jordan River, near Great Salt Lake, south
of the Union Pacific Railroad, and on a branch line.

186 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

421. Describe Utah.

It contains the Great Salt Lake and the eastern part of
the great arid basin, which is the most desolate region in
the United States. Rain seldom falls in this basin, but
some tracts near the rivers and lakes have been made fer-
tile by irrigation. Gold, silver, iron, salt, coal and other
minerals are plentiful there.

422. What people settled Utah?

The Mormons, or Latter-day Saints.

423. for what are the Southwestern States and Texas
especially adapted?

For grazing and grain-growing.

424. How are parts of Western Texas occupied?

By herds of wild horses.

425. What are the productions of Texas?

Cotton, corn, sugar, tobacco, rice, and some semi-trop-
ical fruits.

426. What is the climate?

A great part of the State is much elevated, and there.
fore free from extremes of heat and cold. Snow is seldom
seen, but from October to March violent winds called
‘“‘northers”’ sweep over the prairies of Texas, and plains of
Mexico. ;

427. Which of the States border on Canada?

Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Michigan,
Minnesota, North Dakota, Montana, Idaho, Washington.

428. Which of the States are separated by the Mississippi
River?

Wisconsin, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee and Missis-
sippi on the east shore are separated from Minnesota,
Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas and most of Louisiana on the
west.

GEOGRAPHY. 187

429. Which are separated by the Ohio River?

Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, from Kentucky and West
Virginia.

430. What is the general outline of Europe, and what ad-
vantages does tt offer?

It is more irregular than that of any other division of
the earth. Large seas and gulfs penetrate far into the
interior, affording unequalled advantages for commercial
intercourse. °

431. What is the surface?

It is divided into extensive plains and mountain systems.
Southern Europe is crossed from west to east by a great
mountain system, which is continued through Asia to the
Pacific Ocean. Northward from this system extends a
great plain, which stretches from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific.

432. What are the principal European parts of this great
mountain system?

Caucasus, Balkan, Alps, Cevennes, Pyrenees, and Canta-
brian.

433. What part of Europe ts included in the Great Plain?

Russia, Northern Germany, Denmark, Holland, Belgium,
and a part of France.

434. What ts the climate?

It varies in the same latitude. In Eastern Europe the
winters are excessively cold, while the summers are very
hot. On the shores of the Atlantic the warm ocean cur-
rent renders the climate mild and moist.

435. Mame the political divisions.

Russia, Austria, Germany and Turkey are empires;
Great Britain, Norway and Sweden, Denmark, Holland,
Belgium, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece are kingdoms;

188 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

France and Switzerland, with Andorra and San Marino, are
republics.

436. Which divisions are called the Five Great Powers”?

Great Britain, Russia, Germany, France and Austria.

437. Mame the peninsulas of Europe.

The Scandinavian, Jutland, Iberian, Italian, Morea and
Crimea.

438. Describe the Scandinavian peninsula,

It comprises Sweden and Norway, two distinct States
with separate governments, but united under one king.
Nearly the whole of Norway and the eastern part of Swe-
den are mountainous. The southeastern part of Sweden
is a level plain.

439. What are the exports of this peninsula?

Iron, copper, lumber and fish.

440. How much farther north can grain be raised in Nor-
way than on the Atlantic shore of America?

Rye, oats and barley can be raised 1,400 miles farther
north.

441. What point on the western hemisphere ts in the same
latitude as Christiania?

The southern point of Greenland.

442. Where is Lapland?

In Europe north of the Arctic Circle, and between the
White Sea and Atlantic Ocean. It belongs to Russia,
Sweden and Norway.

443. Ls this country inhabited?

It is, by a Mongolian tribe called Laplanders. They
own herds of reindeer, which supply them with food, cloth-
ing and means of traveling.

GEOGRAPHY. 189

444. What ts the size of the Russian Empire?

It is next to the largest in the world, comprising fully
one-half of Europe and more than one-third of Asia. ‘The
entire area is about 8,000,000 square miles.

445. What ts the surface of this empire?

For the most part it is very level. The only moun-
tainous section in European Russia is between the Azov
and Caspian Seas.

446. How are the inhabitants divided?

Into four classes: the‘nobles, the clergy, the merchants,
and the lately emancipated serfs.

447. What are the government and religion?

The government is an absolute monarchy. ‘The greater
part of the inhabitants belong to the Greek Church.

448. What are the inhabitants called, and what ts the title
of their monarch?

The inhabitants are called Sclavs, and their monarch
the Czar.

449. What subject is strongly agitating the minds of the
Russian people?

The question of a constitution which will change the
government to a limited monarchy.

450. Who are the Nihilists?

They are revolutionists who seek the overthrow of the
empire and resort to secret violence to accomplish their
cause.

451. What political relations, of a strained character, exist
between Russia and England?

England is fearful of the Russian advances in Asia, and
jealously watches every movement.

190 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

452. Jn what does the principal wealth of Russia consist?

In its forests, covering two-fifths of the country, and the
products of agriculture and grazing.

453. Where are the great wheat-growing regions of Europe?

In Central and Southern Russia.

454. What ts the nature of the country around the Caspian
Sea?

?
It is mostly sterile, and has the appearance of having
been subjected to volcanic fires. There are many salt lakes
and fire-hills.

455. Describe the Caspian Sea.

It is an inland sea, containing 140,000 square miles, and
below the level of the Mediterranean. Several large rivers
flow into it, but there is no visible outlet.

456. What are steppes, and where are they found?

Large, barren plains in Southeastern Russia.

457. Where are Poland and Circassia?

Poland is that part of Russia lying north of Austria.
Circassia is the region of the Caucasus Mountains.

’

458. Where is Moscow, and when was tt burned?

It is near Central Russia, on a branch of the Oka River.
It is a railroad centre, and one of the principal cities for
trade. It was burned by the Russians during Napoleon’s
invasion of 1812, to deprive his troops of their expected
winter quarters. This great sacrifice of the Russians saved
their empire, by compelling Napoleon to withdraw from
the country.

459. or what is Sebastopol famous?

For a siege which it sustained for one year, against the
combined English, French, Turkish and Sardinian armies.

GEOGRAPHY. IgI

460. What was the cause of this siege?

Sebastopol was one of the strongest Russian fortifications,
and a perpetual menace to Turkey; its destruction ended
the Crimean war.

461. Who inhabit the steppes of Russia?

The Cossacks, who are of great service to the Russian
army as light cavalry.

462. What takes place at Niznet Novgorod every year?

A great fair is held there, which is attended by thousands
of people who come from different parts of Europe and
Asia to buy and sell goods.

463. Which are the principal ports for foreign commerce?

St. Petersburg, Cronstadt, Riga, Archangel, and Odessa.

464. What seas and gulfs wash the shores of Russia?

The Caspian, Azov, Black, Baltic, White and Kara Seas,
and the Gulfs of Riga, Finland, Bothnia, Onega and Pet-
chora. .

465. What do the British Isles comprise?

Great Britain, Ireland, and many small adjacent islands.

466. What does Great Britain include?
England, Scotland and Wales.

467. What is the surface of the British Isles?

England and Ireland are generally level or undulating;
Scotland and Wales are rugged and mountainous.

468. How is Scotland divided 2

Into the Highlands and Lowlands. The Highlands lie
north, and the Lowlands south, of the Grampian Hills.

499. What is the nature of the sea-coast?

It is very irregular, and abounds in fine harbors and
roadsteads,

192 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

470. What ts the climate?

It is moist and mild. The winters, even of Scotland,
are rarely severe. The moisture of the climate and the
low temperature in summer sometimes prevent crops from
maturing. Corn will not ripen.

471. 1 what does the chief wealth of Great Britain con-
sist?

In her commerce, manufactures and mining.

472. How does she rank with other nations in the amount
of her manufactures and commerce?

She surpasses every other country in the world. The
principal manufactures are those of cotton, wool and
iron.

473. What of her merchant marine and navy?

There are 25,000 British merchant vessels and more than
200,000 seamen. The British navy is regarded as the
strongest in the world, although the Russian is hardly
inferior. Germany, France and Italy also have powerful
navies.

474. What effect do the great armies of Europe have upon
popular sentiment there?

Besides immense standing armies, the European countries
hold in reserve millions of citizens subject to call. The
result of such enormous defense is a distressing taxation
and popular discontent. No country can stand forever
such a terrible drain on the resources of the people.

475. What ts the government of Great Britain? What is
Parliament? :

The government is a constitutional monarchy. The
Legislature, or Parliament, has two branches, the House
of Lords and the House of Commons. The members of
the House of Commons are elected by the people.

GEOGRAPHY. 193

476. Who is the Prime Minister?

The executive power and the entire responsibility of the
government are in the hands of the Ministry, who are
appointed by the sovereign and selected from the Com-
mons. ‘The Prime Minister is practically the real ruler of
the empire; if opposed by a majority of the House of
Commons, he resigns, and the sovereign appoints his suc-
cessor. ;

477. Where is tin obtained?

- Principally from Cornwall, England, and the Island of
Banca. The mines of Cornwall have been famous from
remote antiquity.

478. What is the chief article of fuel in Ireland?

Peat, or bog turf, of which there are more than 3,000,000
acres.

479. What ts the extent of the British Empire?

It has colonies in every quarter of the globe, and unites
under one sovereign a greater number of people than are
ruled by any other government.

480. Which are the principal possessions of Great Britain
in Continental Europe?

Gibraltar in Spain, and the Islands of Malta and Gozo.

481. Which in Asia?
British India, including Ceylon, Hindoostan, a part of

Farther India, and Singapore; the Island of Hong Kong,
and the City of Aden.

482. ln Africa?

Sierra Leone and other settlements on the western
coast; Cape Colony, Zululand, Rhodesia, and Natal; the
Islands of Sychelle, Mauritius, Ascension, and St. Helena.

194 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

483. Ln Oceanica?

Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, Norfolk, Labuan, and
a part of Borneo.

484. ln America?

British America, Bermuda Islands, Balize, Jamaica,
Bahama Islands, and many of the Lesser Antilles, British
Guiana, and the Falkland Islands.

485. For what are Liverpool, Leeds and Bradford, Bir-
mingham, Limerick, and Merthyr Tydvil noted?

Liverpool, for its great commerce. Leeds and Bradford,
for their manufactures of wool. Birmingham, for hard-
ware. Limerick, for the manufacture of gloves, laces and
fish-hooks. Merthyr Tydvil, for its iron-works.

486. How large an area is covered by the City of London?

About 122 square miles.

487. What questions agitate the people of Ireland?

The questions of home rule and peasant proprietorship
of the land.

488. Describe the Spanish Peninsula.

It is the principal plateau of Europe, the whole central
part consisting of a series of lofty plains, divided from
each other by parallel mountain chains. This plateau
comprises 93,000 square miles, or nearly one-half of the
peninsula.

489. What are the productions of Spain?
The vine, olive, mulberry, and orange. Large flocks of

sheep are raised on the tablelands of the interior.

490. What parallel crosses the central part of Spain, and
through which of the United States does the same parallel
pass?

The goth parallel. It passes through New Jersey,

GEOGRAPHY. 195

Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Nebraska,
Kansas, Colorado, Utah, Nevada and California.

491. What other countries in Europe does the same parallel
cross?

Portugal, Italy and Turkey.

492. Were we to follow this parallel, what countries an
Asia should we pass through?

Turkey, Turkestan, China and Japan.
493. Where ts the Republic of Andorra?

In the Pyrenees between France and Spain.

494. What ts noticeable of this republic?
The population is only 5,000 or 6,000, but the country

has been independent for more than a thousand years.

495. What are the foreign possessions of Spain and Portu-
gal?

The Ladrone and Canary Islands belong to Spain.
The possessions of Portugal are the Azores, the Cape
Verde and the Madeira Islands, and Lower Guinea,
in Africa.

496. How wide is the Strait of Gibraltar?

Twelve miles in its narrowest place.

497- What may be said of the fortress of Gibraltar?

It is situated on a mountainous promontory, and is the
strongest fortification in the world.

498. How large is France?

It contains 204,000 square miles.

499. How does France rank with other countries?

As one of the richest and most powerful. The position
of the country and the fertility of the soil give it great
commercial and agricultural advantages.

196 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

500. What ts the surface?

The eastern part is mountainous, while the rest belongs
to the great plain, which extends across the continent.

501. What and where are the landes?

They are plains of shifting sands in the southwestern
part of France.

502. What are the principal exports?

France exports more wine, brandy, and silk goods than
any other country.

503. What influence has Paris throughout the civilized
world? .

The influence of fashion.

504. Vame the principal possessions of France.

Algeria, Senegal, Pondicherry, Isle of Bourbon, New
Caledonia, Marquesas Islands, French Guiana, St. Pierre
and Miquelon, Martinique, Guadaloupe, and Corsica.

505. What are the pursuits of the people of Holland and
Belgium? Whatis Holland properly called?

In Holland, stock-raising and dairying are the chief
pursuits. Belgium is an agricultural and manufacturing
country; it also has extensive mines of coal and iron.
Holland is properly called the Netherlands.

506. What is the condition of much of the coast of this
country ?

It is so low that in many places dykes, or embankments,
are necessary to prevent inundations.

507. How is internal communication promoted?

By canals. In Holland especially, canals run through
the principal streets of the towns, and form a complete
network over the country.

GEOGRAPHY. 197

508. What is the Zuyder Zee?

An arm of the sea, or gulf, which indents the northern
part of Holland.

509. What people are Dutch?

The people of Holland.

510. What are the colonial possessions of the Netherlands?

Next to those of Great Britain they are the most
extensive and valuable in the world. ‘They include the
most important parts of the East Indian Archipelago,
Dutch Guiana, and several islands in the West Indies.

sit. What are the occupations of the people, their com-
merce, manufactures, etc?

Agriculture is the principal occupation in the Nether-
lands, and manufacturing and mining in Belgium. Their
foreign commerce is among the largest in the world,
their exports including fine manufactured goods of silk,
cotton, wool, linen, leather and iron. Lace-making is
an important industry.

512. What is the surface of Denmark?

It is nearly flat; some parts are below the surface of the
sea, from which they are defended by dykes.

513: How is Copenhagen situated?

On the eastern coast of the Island of Zealand, and
partly on the adjacent Island of Amok. Many of the
buildings are built on piles in the water.

514. What are the colonial possessions of Denmark?

Greenland, Iceland, Faroe Islands, and several small
islands in the West Indies.

sis. What does the German Empire comprise?

The kingdoms of Prussia, Bavaria, Wurtemberg and
Saxony, six grand-duchies, five duchies, seven principali-

198 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

ties, three free cities, and the state of Elsass called by the
French Alsace.

516. Which are the free cities?

Hamburg, Bremen and Liibeck.

517. Where is the state of Alsace?

On the Rhine. It was a part of France, till the Franco-
Prussian war of 1870-71.

518. What are the capitals of the four kingdoms?

Prussia has Berlin for its capital; Saxony, Dresden;
Bavaria, Munich; Wurtemberg, Stuttgart.

519. Describe the government of Germany.

It is a limited monarchy, with the King of Prussia as
German Emperor. The imperial legislature consists of
two bodies: the Federal Council, somewhat resembling the
English House of Lords, and the Reichstag, whose mem-
bers are elected like the members of the House of Com-
mons.

520. What can be said of its military power?

It is generally considered the strongest in the world,
and the government is continually strengthening it.

521. What of its school system and its manufactures?

Prussia has the most complete and comprehensive
system of public schools of any nation, and the general
education of the whole empire is remarkably good. The
manufactures are varied and extensive, and-the exports in-
clude wheat, wine, zinc, and almost every description of
manufactured goods. ;

522. Which are the chief ports of Germany?
Hamburg and Bremen.

523. What are the agricultural productions?

Nearly the whole of Germany is under cultivation, and

* GEOGRAPHY. 199

large crops of wheat, rye, barley, oats, tobacco, beet-root
and linseed are produced.
524. What are heaths?

Sandy tracts in Northern Germany and Denmark.

525. What are the inhabitants of Austria?

They are of different races, but mostly Germans, Hun-
garians, Italians and Poles.

526. What ts the proper title of Austria?

The Austro-Hungarian Empire.

527. How ts this empire divided?

It is divided into two distinct and nearly independent
groups of provinces. Each group has a government of its
own, but the whole is under one general government. The
Kingdom of Hungary and its dependencies constitute
nearly one-half of the empire. The Emperor of Austria
is King of Hungary.

528. What are the chief exports of Austria?

Wheat, wine, salt, wool and manufactures of linen,
cotton, iron and glass.

529. What can be said of the Danube River?

It forms an important system of waterways, extending
entirely across the empire.

530. How ts Vienna situated?

On eighty-two small islands, separated by 150 canals
crossed by elevated bridges.

531. What was Poland formerly?

An important kingdom of Central Europe. After
suffering many reverses, it was divided between Russia,
Germany and Austria.

532. Which is the most mountainous country of Europe?

Switzerland.
x

200 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

533- Of how many states is Switzerland composed?

It is composed of twenty-two states or cantons. It is
about one-third as large as the State of New York.

534. Lor what are the Swiss noted?

They are noted for their love of liberty and their attach-
ment to their native country.

535. What language do they speak?

Most of the population speak the German language.
Italian and French are spoken in the cantons adjoining
Italy and France.

536. For what is Geneva noted?

For the manufacture of watches and jewelry.

537- How is [taly governed?

It was formerly divided into a number of states, but
the efforts of the people to obtain national unity were suc-
cessful, and the whole country is now united under a
liberal and enlightened government.

538. lx ancient times, for what was this country cele-
brated?

It was the central part of the Roman Empire, which
ruled all the known world.

539. For what are the towns and cities noted?

Almost every place is connected with some event re-
nowned in history or art. .

540. Where ts San Marino?

It is a small republic on the Adriatic Sea.

s4t. Zo what country do the Islands of Sardinia and

Sicily belong ?
+

Italy.
542. What ts the extent of the Ottoman Empire?

» It comprises Turkey in Furope, Asiatic Turkey, the Isle

GEOGRAPHY. 201

of Candia, and Egypt. ‘Tripoli, Barca, and Tunis are
nominally under its coiitrol; also a part of Arabia, Crete
and other small islands.

543- Describe the Turks.
They are a grave-mannered people, ignorant, bigoted

and indolent. ‘Their religion is Mohammedanism.

544. How does Turkey compare with other European coun-
tries in regard to civilization, agriculture, and the arts and
sciences?

It is inferior in every particular. The people are not
energetic, and their civilization is far below the standard.

545. What are Roumania, Servia and Montenegro?

They were formerly parts of the Turkish Empire, but
are now separate Christian States.

546. What are the exports of Turkey?

Tobacco, wine, olive-oil, cotton, fruits, wool, carpets,
and morocco leather. .

547. What was Greece in ancient times?.

Greece was in advance of all other nations in civilization
and learning. Athens was the home of many renowned
philosophers and orators.

548. What is the shape of Greece?

Very irregular, projecting southward, and having many
indentations from the sea, one of which, the Gulf of Le-
panto, forms the peninsula of Morea, which is connected
with the mainland by the Isthmus of Corinth.

549. Mame the capital cities of Europe.

St. Petersburg, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Berlin, The
Hague, Brussels, Paris, Madrid, Lisbon, Rome, Vienna,
Athens, Constantinople, Berne, London, Edinburgh.

202 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

550. With what country is England most extensively en-
gaged in trade?

The United States.

551. Which is the most northern town in Europe, yet why
is this port never frozen?

Hammerfest. Its immunity from freezing is due to the
warm waters of the Gulf Stream, which flow by the coast
of Norway, and the warm southwest return trade-winds.

552. Vame the four most important rivers of Europe.

The Po, the Rhone, the Rhine and the Danube.

553: What countries are termed Spanish America?

Mexico, Central America, West Indies, and the greater
part of South America.

554. What ts the surface of Mexico?

The interior consists of tablelands from 4,000 to 9,000
feet high. The Pacific coast is abrupt and abounds in fine
harbors; but on the Gulf of Mexico it is flat and sandy,
and deficient in good harbors.

555- Are the tablelands accessible from the Gulf ?

Only by two carriage-roads: one by Jalapa, from Vera
Cruz; the other by Saltillo, from Matamoras and Monterey.

556. What is the climate?

As Mexico contains high and low lands, it exhibits a
great variety of climate. In ascending from the coast to
the surface of the plateau, there are three regions: the hot,
swampy and pestilential lowlands; the temperate regions;
and the cold, desolate’ plains above.

Boz. What are the inhabitants ?

Whites, Indians, and Spanish Creoles. The Indians
and mixed-bloods form the greater part of the population.

GEOGRAPHY. 203

558. How are the seasons divided?

Into the wet and the dry. The rainy season continues
from May to October, and the dry from October to May.

559: What are the agricultural products of Mexico?

They vary with its climate. Wheat and barley are pro-
duced in the cooler regions, and cotton, tobacco, sugar-
cane, tropical fruits and spices in the plains and valleys
below.

560. What ts its commerce?

The commerce of Mexico is limited, and is mostly with
England and the United States.

561. What are the principal minerals?

Gold and silver, iron and copper.

562. How is the City of Mexico situated?

On a plain 7,000 feet above the level of the sea and en-
closed by lofty mountains. The city is about two miles
from Lake Tezcuco, is in the form of a square, and is
noted for its many churches, convents and plazas.

563. What two volcanoes are visible from the city?

Popocatapetl and Iztaccihuatl. The former is 17,717
feet high, and its name means Smoking Mountain. The
latter is 15,600 feet high, and its name means White Lady.

564. What ts cochineal?

The cochineal is an insect which feeds on a species of

cactus. When killed and dried on the sun it yields a bril-
liant crimson dye.

565. What is pulgue?

Pulque is a favorite Mexican beverage, manufactured
from the Maguey plant. It is intoxicating.
566. What ts briefly the history of Mexico?

In 1521 Fernando Cortez, a Spanish adventurer, con-
quered the country. He found there an extensive kingdom,

204 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

with regular laws, and with cities, temples, public roads
and many of the arts of civilization. After the conquest
the cruelty of the Spaniards drove the Indians back intoa
state of barbarism. In 1821 Mexico became independent
of Spain, and established first an empire and then a
republic. The people are restless, and revolutions have
been common. By the war with the United States, Mexico
lost much valuable territory.

567. What peninsulas belong to this republic?

Yucatan and Lower California. They are little known.
Yucatan is noted for its ruins of ancient cities and temples.

568. What ts the government of Mexico?

It is a federal republic of twenty-seven states, one
territory, and a small federal district which contains the
capital. It was for three centuries the most important
colony of Spain.

569. What does Central America comprise?

The five independent republics: Guatemala, Honduras,
Salvador; Nicaragua and Costa Rica, and British Hon-
duras. Central America bears a general resemblance to
Mexico.

570. What are the capital cities?

San Salvador, Salvador; Managua, Nicaragua; Teguei-
galpa, Honduras; Guatemala, Guatemala; San José, Costa
Rica; and Belize, British Honduras.

571. Where is British Honduras?

South of the eastern part of Yucatan.

572. What are the exports of British Honduras?

Mahogany and other hard cabinet woods, cochineal,
tortoise shells, sarsaparilla and cocoa-nuts. »

573. What three routes have been projected for a canal
from the Atlantic to the Pacific?

Across the Isthmus of Panama; by way of the San Juan

GEOGRAPHY. 205

“River and Lake Nicaragua; and by the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepec.

574. How does Mexico compare in size to the United
States?

It is about one-fourth as large.

575. Jn what zones ts Mexico?

The north temperate and the torrid; the Tropic of Cancer
crosses the central part.

376. Where are the greatest copper regions in the United
States ?

In northern Michigan and Wisconsin.

577. Where is lead found most abundantly?

In southwestern Wisconsin and those parts of Illinois
and Iowa which adjoin, in Nevada, and in Colorado.

578. What are the great staple productions of the Southern
United States ?

Cotton, tobacco, rice, sugar, corn and sweet potatoes.

379. Which State produces the most (a) cotton, (b) rice,
(c) sugar, (d) tobacco, (e) potatoes, (f) corn, (g) wheat?

(2) Texas; (4) South Carolina; (¢) Louisiana; (@)
Kentucky; (¢) New York; (/) Iowa; (g) California.

580. Which State has the greatest number of (a) swine,
(b) cattle, (c) horses, (d) mutes, (e) sheep?

(2) Iowa; (6) Texas; (c) Illinois; (@) Missouri; (¢)
‘Texas.

581. Which State produces the greatest quantity of gold?
Silver? Iron? Copper? Lead? Coal? Pine lumber? TLur-
pentine, resin and tar?

Gold, California; silver, Colorado; iron, Pennsylvania;
copper, Michigan; lead, Illinois; coal, Pennsylvania;
lumber, Michigan; turpentine, etc., North Carolina.

206 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

582. How are turpentine, resin and tar manufactured?

Turpentine and resin are made of the sap of the pitch
pine, by boiling; turpentine is the vapor, while resin is
what remains. Tar is also made from the pitch, but by
burning; the timber having been placed in nearly a per-
pendicular position, and covered to prevent a flame, the
heat causes the pitch to ooze out and run below, where it
can be saved.

583. rom what does North Carolina derive her chief
wealth ?

From her pine forests.

584. What is South Carolina often called?

The “Palmetto State.”

585. What article can be raised extensively in almost all
the States?

Corn.

586. Into what physical divisions may we separate the
United States?

Into the Atlantic Slope, the Pacific Slope, and the Cen-
tral Plain.

587. What does the Atlantic Slope embrace?

The country which extends from the Alleghany Moun-
tains to the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico.

588. What does the Pacific Slope embrace?

The country between the Rocky Mountains and the
Pacific Ocean.

589. What is included in the Central Plain?

The Mississippi Valley, the Texas Slope, the basin of
the St. Lawrence, and the valley of the Red River of the
North,

GEOGRAPHY. 207

590. How may we divide the United States with reference
to drainage?

Into the St. Lawrence Basin, the Atlantic Slope, the
Mississippi Valley, the Texas Slope, the Pacific Slope, the
Inland Basin of Utah, and the Red River Basin.

591. What ts the surface of Asia?

It is crossed by a system of mountains, tablelands and
plains.

592. What division may we make in this country?

Arctic Asia, Desert Asia, Peninsular Asia and Insular
Asia.

593. What part ts included in cach?

Arctic Asia takes in the Great Siberian Plain. Desert
Asia is the belt of high and dry plateaus extending through
the central sections. Peninsular Asia is the most impor-
tant division of the continent, and includes Hindoostan,
Indo-China and Corea, with the projecting part of China.
Insular Asia includes the richest and most important archi-
pelagoes in the world.

594. What portion of the human race is in Peninsular
Asia?

One-half.

595. What can be said of the productions of Asia?

As Asia embraces all varieties of climates, its produc-
tions range from arctic to tropical.

596. What is the longest inland commercial route on the
globe?

The caravan trade from Pekin through Irkoutsk, Tobolsk,
to Moscow and St. Petersburg.

597. “How are the tablelands divided?

Into those of Central and those of Southern Asia. They
are the loftiest and most extensive in the world.

208 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

598. What countries constitute the Great Northern Plain
of Asia?

Turkestan and Siberia. This is a continuation of the
great plain of Europe.

599. Describe the mountain system of Asia.

It begins with the Taurus Mountains, and is continued
by the Elburz and Hindoo Koosh to the Balor Mountains.
Thence it branches off into four great chains—the
Himalaya, Kuen Lun, Thian Shan, and Alti—which are
the most stupendous mountains on the globe.

600. Where ts the Great Desert of Gobi?

Near the central part of Asia, south of the Thian Shan
Mountains. This is only a part of an immense belt of
desert land which extends almost across the continent
from west to east.

601. What are the climatic divisions?
The three of Northern, Central, and Southern Asia.

602. What is the climate of Northern Asia?

It is characterized by intense cold, with short intervals
of great heat during the summer.

603. Describe Siberia.

It is a great plain, comprising more than one-third of
Asia. Near the Arctic Ocean it is a barren and desolate
region, and the cold is so intense that the spongy soil is
frozen to the depth of several hundred feet. Near the
Irtysh River the soil is rich and the pasturage good, but
there are few inhabitants.

604. What ts the climate of Central and Southern Asia?

Central Asia has the climate of the temperate zone. It
is subject to great extremes of heat and cold, and, except
near the shores of the Pacific, is remarkably dry, for the
mountain system intercepts the warm and moist winds of

GEOGRAPHY. 209

the Indian Ocean. Southern Asia has the climate of the
torrid zone.

605. Zo what three races do the inhabitants of Asta
belong?

Mongolian, Caucasian and Malay.

606. What people belong to the Mongolian race?

The nations living north of the Himalaya Mountains —
those of Farther India, the Japanese and the Chinese.

607. What nations, or tribes, living in Asia belong to the
Caucasian race?

The Georgians, Armenians, Arabs, Persians, Afghans
and Hindoos.

608. What countries are occupied by the Malay race?

The peninsula of Malacca, and many of the islands of
Oceanica.

609. Lor what has Siberia long been used?

For a place of banishment for exiles and criminals. A
large part of the population consists of them and their de-
scendants.

610. Zo what country does Georgia belong?

It is a Russian province.

611. What ts noticeable of the inhabitants?

The people are a vigorous and handsome race.

612. How ts Turkestan divided?

Into Russian and Independent Turkestan. Russian
Turkestan contains a number of districts called khanates,
which are ruled by native rulers, although only as vassals
of Russia. Independent Turkestan includes those Tartar
khanates which are not yet annexed by Russia, represent-
ing only a small area of what was formerly ‘Turkestan.

210 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

613. What is the Khan?

The name given to the rulers of the several independent
states of Turkestan.

614. What does the Chinese Empire include?

China, the dependent provinces of Mantchooria, Mon-
golia, Kashgaria and Thibet.

615. What is said of the population of China?

It is so dense in some districts that great numbers of
the inhabitants dwell constantly in boats on the rivers, or
on rafts on the lakes, which they convert into gardens by
covering them with earth. They are a very industrious
people, and jealous of European aggression.

616. What are the productions of China?

The most important are rice, tea and silk. Rice is the
chief article of food for the entire population.

617. What is the government?

A despotic empire. The laws are severe; for trifling
offenses punishment is inflicted with the bamboo whip,
while serious crimes almost always meet with death.

618. What about education in China?

Education is compulsory. All adult males are able to
read and write and possess a knowledge of the elements of
arithmetic.

619. How are all government officers below the emperor
selected?

By means of public competitive examinations.

620. What can be said of these people in regard to trade,
the arts and sciences?

Their domestic commerce is immense, but their foreign
commerce is in the hands of foreigners. Their skill in
various occupations cannot be excelled, and many of our
most useful inventions were known to them hundreds of

GEOGRAPHY. 211

years before they were known to the Europeans, but were
not put to a practical use.

621. Describe the great wall of China. For what purpose
was tt built?

The wall is 1,200 miles long, from thirty to forty feet
high, and twenty feet thick, with many towers and
equipments for defense. It was built about 211 B.c. to
keep the Mongol Tartars out of China.

622. Which are the most imporiant seaports for foreign
trade?

Canton, Shanghai, Ningpo, Fuchow, Amoy.

623. Mame the principal islands of Japan.

Nipon, Sikoke, Kiusui and Jesso.

624. What are the chief productions of these islands?

Rice, wheat, barley, tea, tobacco and camphor.

625. What ts the government of Japan?

A constitutional monarchy.

626. What is the emperor called?

The Mikado.

627. How do the Japanese compare in enlightenment with
the Chinese?

They surpass the Chinese in intelligence and equal them
in mechanical skill. Although of related races, they differ
greatly in their language and political institutions. They
are quick to adopt the great inventions of the white civil-
ized peoples, such as their military systems, lighthouses,
steam-power and electricity.

628. What two peninsulas comprise India?

Hindoostan and Indo-China.

629. What does British India include?

Nearly all of Hindoostan and the western coast of Indo-

212 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

China. It is the richest and most important dependency
ever possessed by any nation.

630. How ts Indo-China divided?
Between Burmah, Siam, Anam and many smaller inde-

pendent states. All have despotic governments.

631. What peculiarity is found in the literature of the
Ffindoos ?

It is written in a peculiar poetical and_ religious
phraseology which has been in use since long before the
Christian era. Besides being poetical, the Hindoos are
almost universally musical.

632. What ts the government of British India?

A Governor-General and a Supreme Council are ap-
pointed by the British government. The Queen of England
is Empress of India.

633. What and where ts Ceylon?

It isa rich and populous island south of Hindoostan, and
a separate colony of Great Britain.

634. Where ts Cochin-China?

The southeastern coast of Indo-China is called Cochin-
China.

635. Where do the French hold possessions?

They possess an important province in the southwestern
part, with Saigon for its capital.

636. What are the productions of India?

Cotton, rice, wheat, opium, sugar, indigo, jute, fine silk
fabrics and costly cashmere shawls.

637. Lor what is Ceylon especially noted?

For its coffee and cinnamon.

638. Describe Afghanistan,

Persia, Afghanistan and Beloochistan occupy the desert

GEOGRAPHY. 213

plateau of Iran, between the valleys of the Tigris and the
Indus. ‘The people of Afghanistan are hardy, warlike, and
divided among many tribes. As this country is the chief
route from India to Western Asia, it is of great commercial
and military importance.

639. What can be said of Beloochistan?

This country is mostly a barren wilderness, and consists
of a number of small states under the headship of the Khan
of Kelat.

640. What is the government of Persia?

A despotic monarchy, with a sovereign called a Shah,

641. What is the surface of Arabia?

The greater part is a desert plateau. The principal
fertile tracts are Oman and Yemen, and the mountain
valleys.

642. Describe the inhabitants.

The greater part of them are Bedouins, a wandering
people who live in the deserts, devoting themselves to the
care of their camels, horses, goats and sheep. ‘They are
generous and hospitable, but vengeful and addicted to
plunder.

643. Hor what are Mecca and Medina noted?

Mecca is regarded by Mohammedans as a holy city, the
birthplace of Mohammed, and is annually visited by vast
numbers of pilgrims. Medina is venerated as the burial-
place of Mohammed.

644. What is the general appearance of the Persians ?
They are polite in their manners, and, having a compara-

tively high civilization, are often called the French of Asia.
645. What can be said of the past history of Persia?

It was once one of the grandest and most formidable
governments of the world.

214 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

646. Describe Arabia.

Arabia is about one-third as large as the United States.
A great plateau, having many large and fertile valleys,
occupies the interior; surrounding this is a broad belt of
deserts, covering more than one-third of the peninsula;
while along the coasts is a.low and narrow sandy plain,
containing a few fertile districts.

647. What ts its government?

There are several independent states in Arabia, governed
by despots called Sultans.

648. Mame the peninsulas of Asia.

Arabia, Hindoostan, Malacca, Korea, and Kamtschatka

649. Where ts the Isthmus of Kraw?

It connects Malacca with the mainland.

650. Which is the most elevated lake in the world?

Sirikol, the source of the Amoo River, on the tableland
of Pamer. It is 15,600 feet above the level of the sea.

651. Where is Palestine?

Palestine is in the northeastern part of Arabia, on the
Mediterranean Sea.

652. Where is Jerusalem?

Jerusalem is the chief city of Palestine.

653. How wide is Bering Strait? Dover? Gibraltar?

Bering forty miles, Dover thirty, Gibraltar twelve.

654. How wide is the Isthmus of Panama? Suez? Te-
huantepec? }

Panama twenty-seven miles, Suez sixty-five, Tehuantepec
one hundred and thirty.

655. Which are the five largest islands in the world?

Australia, Greenland, Borneo, New Guinea and Mada-
gascar.

GEOGRAPHY. 215

656. What are the sizes of the oceans?

The Pacific Ocean contains about 82,000,000 square
miles; the Atlantic, 30,000,000; the Indian, 22,000,000;
the Antarctic, 12,000,000; and the Arctic, 4,000,000,

657. Ln the production of what minerals does Great Britain
exceed every other country?

Coal, iron, salt, lead, and tin.

658. Mame the largest seven rivers in the United States.
Describe them.

Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Rio Grande, Columbia,
Nebraska, and Red.

659. What are the principal uses of rivers?

For drainage, commerce and milling.

660. What important places of the globe are situated on or
near the goth parallel north latitude?

Philadelphia, Columbus, Indianapolis, Springfield, Denver,
Pekin, Constantinople, and Madrid.

661. What part of the United States is in the same latitude
north of the equator, that the southern part of Africa ts south
of it?

The boundary line which divides the States of Missis-
sippi, Alabama and Georgia from ‘Tennessee.

662. What are the latitudes of Cape Horn and the Cape
of Good Hope?

Cape Horn is fifty-three degrees south, and Good Hope
about thirty-two degrees.

663. What is the difference between the natural location of
commercial and manufacturing cities?

Commercial cities require good harbors and water com-
munication to facilitate commerce, while manufacturing
cities depend very much upon water power to run their
machinery.

216 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

664. Why is the water of Great Salt Lake not fresh?

Lakes of this class lose water by evaporation only, and
retain the salt and other materials carried into them by
their affluent rivers.

665. Mame five of the principal articles exported by the
people of the United States.

Cotton, wheat, pork, cheese, machinery.

666. Mame some of the principal articles imported?

Wool, tea, coffee and spices, dry goods, sugar and
liquors.

667. What are the great waterways for the internal com-
merce of the United States?

The Atlantic system, the Mississippi system, the Great
Lakes with the St. Lawrence River, and the canals.

668. Describe the Mississippi system.

This system contains fifty-six great tributaries, containing
17,000 miles navigable to steamboats and more than
20,000 by barge. It carries an immense commerce, but in
some localities the annual floods and droughts prevent a
continuous shipment. Below the mouth of the Ohio the
Mississippi sometimes rises more than fifty feet.

669. What does the St. Lawrence system comprise?

The Great Lakes and the navigable streams which flow
into and through the St. Lawrence River. ‘This system is
closed for several months in the year on account of ice, but
floods or droughts never affect it.

670. Where are the chief canals?

They lie at the entrance of Lake Superior, the Niagara
Falls, the Rapids of the St. Lawrence and the Erie Canal.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

READING.

1. What ts reading?

The enunciation of written language.

2. What ts elocution?

The delivery of composition.

3. What does elocution embrace?

Orthoépy and expression.

4. What is expression?

The manner of delivery.

5. What mental qualifications must a good reader possess
and employ?

A clear conception.

A vivid imagination.

Real sympathy.

The faculty of imitation.

Vocal power.

Artistic skill.

Precise judgment.

6. What are the physical requisites for good reading?

Distinct articulation.
Full and free respiration.
217

218 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Perfect control of a clear, full, round, musical tone of
voice.

Graceful and expressive action.
Cultivated taste and judgment.

7. What, then, does good reading demand?
Articulation, Accent, Emphasis, Inflection, Modulation,
and Pauses.

8. What objects are to be aimed at in the study and teaching
of reading?

The acquisition of great knowledge.

The acquisition of a love for reading.

The improvement of the memory, judgment and taste.

Improvement of the social faculties.

Improvement of the health.

A graceful carriage and address.

A preparation for public life.

The prevention and correction of improprieties.

9. What does orthoépy embrace?

Articulation, Syllabication, and Accent.

10. Define articulation.

It is the utterance of the oral elements.

11. What ts correct articulation?

Accurate and distinct utterance of the elementary
sounds.

12. How can a good articulation be acquired?

By continued practice of the utterance of the elemen-
tary sounds, and an observance of the phonetic analysis of
syllables and words.

13. What ts Phonetic Analysis?

It is the separation of syllables and words into the
elementary sounds of which they are composed.

READING. 219

14. What ts an elementary sound?

It is the simplest distinct sound made by the organs of
speech.

15. What are oral elements? How produced?

They are the elementary sounds that form syllables and
words, and are produced by the positions of the organs of
speech in connection with the breath.

16. Junto what classes are the elementary sounds of the
English language divided?

They are divided into vocals, subvocals, and aspirates.

17. Define each of these.

Vocals are pure tones, and are the prominent elements of
all words.

Subvocals are those consonants which produce an under-
tone of voice when their sounds are uttered.

Aspirates are mere whispers made by the organs of
speech and breath.

18. Give a list of the most common faults in articulation.

Suppression of vocal sounds in unaccented syllables.

Suppression of subvocal and aspirate sounds.

incorrect articulation of vocal sounds.

Omission and addition of syllables.

Blending the end of one word with the beginning of the
next.

19. What ts accentuation ?

The act of applying accents in reading and speaking.
20. What ts accent?

The force given to one or more syllables of a word.

21. How are accented syllables designated?

By a mark, thus, (’); as commana’ ment,

220 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

22. LVame and define the kinds of accent.

Primary and secondary: the primary calls for the more
forcible stress of voice, and the secondary the less forcible.

23. When two syllables of a word are accented, which has
the greater force?

The primary.

24. What are the expressions of speech?

Emphasis, Slur, Inflection, Modulation, Monotone,
Personation, and Pauses.

25. What ts emphasis?

The force given to one or more words of a sentence.

26. What ts the object of emphasis?

To attract particular attention to the word or phrase
upon which it is placed.

27. ow is it accomplished?

Usually by an increased stress or emphasis, but some-
times by an unusual lowering of the voice, even to a
whisper.

28. Define slur.

It is the smooth, gliding, subdued movement of the voice
used in parenthetic clauses, with words contrasted or re-
peated, and in explanation.

29. How are emphatic words distinguished in print?

By z¢alics, SMALL CAPITALS, and CAPITALS.

30. When should emphatic words be used?

When words and phrases are important in meaning, or
when they point out a difference; when emphatic words
are repeated, or when a succession of important words or
phrases occurs.

31. How many kinds of emphasis are there?

Two: absolute and antithetic.

READING. 221

32. What ts absolute emphasis?

That which is used to designate the important words of
a sentence, without any direct reference to other words.

33. Define antithetic emphasis.

It is founded on the contrast of one word or clause with
another.

34. What are inflections?

The upward or downward slides of the voice.

35. How many inflections are there?

Three:. the rising, the falling, and the circumflex.

36. What is the circumflex?

A union of the rising and falling inflections, beginning
with the one and ending with the other.

37. What ts a sertes?
A number of words or phrases following one another in
the same sentence.

38. What is a commencing series, and what a concluding
sertes >

Where a succession of particulars occurs at the begin-

p

ning or middle of a sentence it is called a commencing
series. Where it terminates a sentence it is a concluding
series.

39. What ts monotone?

A sameness of tone.

40. What is transition?

A change in the manner of expression.

41. Define monotony.

Monotony is a frequent occurrence of the same tone,
without reference to the sense.

42. When ts the rising inflection used?
It is generally used when the sense is incomplete; in

222 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

questions which may be answered by yes or no; when a
word or sentence is repeated as a kind of interrogatory
exclamation; usually in negative sentences: and in the last
sentence but one of a passage.

43. When is the falling inflection used?

When the sense is incomplete; when language demands
strong emphasis; in exclamations; and in questions which
cannot be answered by yes or no.

44. /n what is the circumflex mainly used?

In the language of irony, sarcasm and contrast.

45. What is modulation, and how ts it divided?

Modulation is the variation of the voice made in reading
and speaking, and is divided into pitch, force, quality, and
rate.

46. What is pitch, and how divided?

Pitch is the degree of elevation of the voice, and is
divided into high, moderate and low. High pitch is that
which rises above the usual speaking key, and is used in
expressing joyous and elevated feelings. Moderate pitch
is that which is heard in common conversation, and is
used in expressing ordinary thought and moderate emo-
tion. Low pitch is that which falls below the usual speak-
ing key, and is employed in expressing emotions of
sublimity, awe and reverence.

47. Define force and its divisions.

Force is the volume, or loudness of voice, and is divided
into loud, moderate and gentle. Loud force is used in
expressing violent passions and vehement emotions. Mod-
erate force is a medium loudness of voice, and is employed
in narrative, description, and ordinary assertion. Gentle
or subdued force is employed to express fear, caution,
secrecy, solemnity, and tender emotions.

READING. 223

48. Define rate, and tell how it is classified.

Rate is the speed of utterance, and is divided into
quick, moderate and slow. Quick rate is used to express
joy, mirth, violent anger and sudden fear. Moderate rate
is employed for the same purposes as moderate force.
Slow rate is used to express grandeur, vastness, pathos,
horror and consternation.

49. What is quality, and how divided?

Quality has reference to the kinds of sound uttered, and
is divided into the pure tone, orotund, aspirate, guttural,
and trembling.

50. What ts the difference between quantity and pitch?

Quantity has reference to loudness or volume of sound;
pitch to the elevation or depression of a tone.

51. What ts the difference between force and emphasis?

Force is the energy with which the whole is uttered;
emphasis is the stress on a particular portion»

52. What ts cadence?
The dropping of the voice at the end of the sentence,
which indicates that the sense is complete.

53. What ts stress?
The manner in which force is applied.

54. What ts climax?

Climax is an utterance gradually increasing in intensity,
and changing in pitch and movement.

55. Define grouping.

Grouping is that nice modulation and adaptation of
the voice to the sentiment expressed which renders the
utterance not only more impressive but more pleasing to
the ear.

56. What ts pure tone?
A clear, smooth, flowing sound, with moderate pitch.

224 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

57. What is the orotund quality?

The pure tone deepened, enlarged and intensified, and
is adapted to the expression of the sublime and pathetic
emotions.

58. Describe the aspirated tone.

An expulsion of the breath, the words being spoken in a
whisper.

59. What is the guttural quality?

A deep undertone, expressing hatred, contempt, loath-
ing.

60. When is the trembling tone used?

The trembling tone is a constant waver of the voice,
used to express an intense degree of suppressed excite-
ment, or in representing the speech of enfeebled old age.

61. What ts personation?

Changes of the voice necessary to represent two or more
persons speaking.

62. What are pauses?

Suspensions of the voice in reading or speaking.

63. What are grammatical pauses?

Pauses indicated by punctuation marks.

64. Define rhetorical pauses.

They are suspensions of the voice which the sense
requires when a grammatical pause is not admissible.

65. What are etymological points? -

Points used to indicate something in regard to the
formation, use, or omission of words or parts of words.

66. Explain the apostrophe, caret, dieresis, marks of
quantity, marks of accent, hyphen, period. ;

The apostrophe (’) is used to show the omission of a
letter or letters; as, Sec’y. "3

READING. 225

The caret (A) is used to show some omissions in writing;

as, come
“The king is (A) to marshal us.”’

The dieresis marks the separation of contiguous vowels;
as, preéngage.

Marks of quantity are used to show that the vowel is
long or short, and are placed over the letters, (" ~).

The marks of accent express the tones of the voice and
are the grave (‘), the acute (’), and the circumflex (“).

The Ayphen (-) is used to separate syllables, or to unite
the parts of a compound word.

The period (.) is used to show the abbreviation of a
word; as, lat. for latitude.

67. What are the points of reference?

Points used to refer the reader to some other place
on the page or the book; they are: the Asterisk (*);
the Obelisk or Dagger (¢); the Double Dagger (4); the Sec-
tion (§); Parallels (||); the Paragraph (|). If necessary,
these points may be doubled.

68. What is suspensive quantity?

Prolongation of the voice at the end of a word without
making an actual pause.

69. What does quantity embrace?

Force and rate.

70. What is the difference between enunciation and pronun-
ciation ?

Enunciation is the utterance of words; pronunciation,
the mode of utterance.

71. What quality of voice is generally used in reading and
Speaking?

The pure tone.

72. What determines the proper accent of words?

General usage.

226 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

73. How is inflection sometimes affected by emphasis?

It sometimes changes the falling to the rising inflection.

74. What ts the difference between the construction of prose
and poetry?

Prose pays no attention to the melodious arrangement
of its words, while poetry is written with regard to the
feet in each line, or the rhyme, or both.

75. What is a parenthetic clause, and how should it be
read?

Something abruptly introduced into a sentence for the
purpose of modifying, explaining or adding to the leading
proposition. It should be read in a lower voice.

76. When melody comes into confitct with accent, which must
yield?

Accent.

77. Give a principle of reading that will admit of general
application.

Be sure that you understand what you read, and en-
deavor to express the sentiments of the author as you
would express them if they were your own and you were
talking.

78. What are some of the essential qualities of good
reading ?

To read slowly, mind the pauses, give the proper inflec-
tions, speak plainly, and read as if talking.

79. Give rules for the use of capitals.

Capital letters are used:
To begin the first word of a sentence;
To begin proper names;
To begin titles of honor;
To begin the first word of every line of poetry;
To begin the names of objects personified ;

READING, 227

In writing the pronoun I, and the interjection O;

To begin appellations of the Deity;

To begin the names of the days of the week and of
the month;

To begin direct quotations;

To begin words derived from proper names;

To begin the chief words in the titles of books, head.
ings of divisions of books, chapters, discourses,
Elec:

To begin words of special importance.

i bapa Th ks Banat anh. Li be:

rh oe ry

Ems) Sie sis Hf ser) ne 4

poe AD eS ACE E ACER: grat sere
iy . =K ‘ fea om (tee | hace he Fae eau bts mf eT PES ite Wiis fa Pee: i yack pie eae :
Dh cease viet a eenho to! yah eee Scale W Sey Sa 4 ee Ghd
pmovsinet ce yarkt. wabteaigt oc bhalierl

ar
3

7 ; jig i © " ie ce ee
aati sl Cone ME tt: OL) eRe Sey ee tell

She a le oN i, pues my,

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

EPNGEISE GRAMMAR

1. What is English grammar?

The art of speaking and writing the English language
correctly.

2. What ts the object of studying grammar?

To be able to understand, speak, and write a language
correctly.

3. What ts language?

Any method of communicating thought or feeling.

4. What can you say of the composition of language ?

It is of two kinds, prose and verse.

5. nto what parts ts grammar divided?

Pronunciation, orthography, etymology, syntax and
prosody.

6. Of what does pronunciation treat?

Of the sounds of letters and syllables.

7. Define etymology.

It treats of the different parts of speech, their derivation
and modification.

8. Of what does syntax treat?

Of the arrangement and relation of words in sentences.

23
22

230 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

9. Of what does prosody treat?

Of versification, punctuation, figures and utterance.

10. What ts the basis of grammar?

The usage of the best authors.

11. Ofwhat does language consist?

Of sounds which, combined, form words which represent
ideas.

12. How are words classified, and on what grounds?

As nouns when they are names of beings, places or
things;

As pronouns when they are substitutes for names or facts;

As adjectives when they qualify or limit names;

As verbs when they assert action, being or condition;

As adverbs when they modify an assertion or a quality;

As prepositions when they express relations of things or
of thought;

As conjunctions when they introduce or connect words
and sentences;

As exclamations when they express a sudden or intense
emotion; and

As words of euphony when*they are used for rhetorical
effect.

13. By what general name are the different classes of words
called?

Parts of speech.

14. How are the nouns divided?

Into proper and common.

15. How are common nouns again divided?

Into collective, abstract and verbal.

16. What ts a collective noun?

One that denotes a group or number of objects.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR, 231

17. What is an abstract noun?

The name of some quality of a substance.

18. What is a participial noun?

A participle or infinitive used as a noun.

19. When does a proper noun become a common noun?

When it is used to denote a whole class; as, “The Wash-
ingtons of the world are few.”

20. When does a common noun become proper?

When personified, or used as a proper noun; as, “Come,
gentle Spring!”

21. What ts the office of a pronoun?

To avoid the repetition of nouns.

22. What is the antecedent of a pronoun?

The word, phrase or clause which the pronoun represents.

23. What ts the subsequent of a pronoun?

Interrogatives or relatives of the interrogative kind, when
they are used in asking questions, have no antecedents, but
relate to some word or phrase contained in the answer,
which is called the subsequent.

24. What is the difference between antecedent and subse-
guent?

The antecedent signifies that which goes before, the
subsequent that which follows.

25. Into what classes are pronouns divided?

Personal, relative, interrogative and adjective.
26. What is a personal pronoun?
One which distinguishes the persons.

27. Vame the personal pronouns.

/, thou or you, he, she and zt, with their compounds and
declined forms, are the personal pronouns.

232 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

28. Where are thou, thy, thine, thee avd ye used?

In the Bible and addresses to the Deity, in the conversa-
tion and correspondence of certain religious sects, and
often in poetry and romance.

29. Jn parsing, what disposition should be made of the
pronouns ours, yours, hers, theirs avd mine?

As these words are equivalent to a noun and pronoun,
the parsing should correspond with the words which they
represent.

30. What is the peculiarity about the pronoun it?

The antecedent of z# is sometimes considered lost, when
the pronoun denotes merely the state or-condition of
things, or a point of time, or when it introduces a sentence

and is explained; as, “It rains”; ‘It is twelve o’clock”’;
“It was moonlight”; It is mean to take advantage of
another’s distress.’’? Some authors consider 7¢/ in the above

examples as having no antecedent, yet, if we observe closely,
there may be one somewhat remote; as, in the first ex-
ample, we might use c/ouds for the antecedent; in the
second example, ¢me; in the third, zg’; and in the last,
act, as, “The act is mean,”’ etc.

31. Whatis a compound personal pronoun?

My, thy, your, him, her, or 7t, compounded with se/f to
form the singular; and our, your, and them, compounded
with se/ves to form the plural.

32. What is a relative pronoun?
A pronoun which joins a descriptive clause to its ante-
cedent.

33. Zo what are the relatives who and which applied?

Who is applied to persons only; zwAich to persons or
things.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 2:33

34. How is the relative what used?

What is used in place of that which or things which, and
may denote persons or things.

35. When is as a relative pronoun? When ts the word
that?

When it is preceded by such, many, or same, and relates
to the objects thus specified. Zaf is a relative pronoun
when it is equivalent to who, whom or which.

36. What pronoun is used when the antecedent is supplied?

The pronoun wAzch.

37. What are the compound relative pronouns?

Who, which, and what, with ever and soever annexed.

38. What is an interrogative pronoun?

One used to ask a question.

39. What ts a responsive, or indirect interrogative pronoun?

One used indirectly as an interrogative; as, ‘Tell me
what truth is.”

40. Whatare adjective pronouns, and how are they divided?

Adjectives sometimes used as pronouns. They are
divided into four classes: distributive, demonstrative, in-
definite, and reciprocal.

41. Zo what do distributive pronouns relate?

To objects taken singly. They are each, either, and
neither,

42. What is the difference between the demonstrative and
indefinite pronouns?

The demonstrative pronouns point out objects definitely,
while the indefinite relate to objects indefinitely. The
demonstratiyes are ¢izs, these, that, those, same, former, latter.
The indefinites are oxe, ones, other, others, any, some, such,
all, both, and none.

234 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

43. What do reciprocal pronouns denote?

They have the same signification, and consequently are
convertible, and may be used for each other.

44. How should either, neither, each other, avd one
another de used?

In speaking of two, ezther, neither and each other should
be used; but in speaking of more than two, ove another.

45. How should this and that be used?

That should be applied to the more distant, the first
mentioned, or the absent; //zs, to the nearer, the last men-
tioned, or the present.

46. What properties have nouns and pronouns?

Gender, person, number and case.

47. When are objects personified ?

When they are regarded as persons. Nouns sometimes
acquire gender by personification.

48. Jn personified objects, when is the masculine gender
preferred?

When the character of the object denotes size, power or
domineering qualities; as, “The Suz seemed shorn of his
beams.” ‘Lo, steel-clad War his gorgeous standard rears.”

49. When is the feminine gender preferred?

When the character of the object is noted for beauty,
amiability, productiveness or submission, as ‘Soon /eace
shall come with all her smiling train.” The earth, the
moon, a ship, when personified, are given the feminine gen-
der.

50. What are the methods of distinguishing the two sexes?

By different words, by different endings, and by a dis-
tinguishing word; as, father, mother; emperor, empress;
man-servant, maid-servant.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 235

51. When and how are proper nouns made plural?

When they refer to a class of the same character, they
are made plural by adding s when it does not coalesce in
sound, otherwise es; as, the Cherokees; the Napoleons;
the Van Nesses.

52. What class of nouns is generally used in the singular
number? How may they be used in the plural?

The names of substances, actions, states, qualities, arts,
sciences and diseases, when they refer to the kind of thing;
but when different kinds are meant they are plural; as,
wine, wines; tea, teas; fever, fevers; religion, religions.

53. When ts a collective noun singular? When plural?

When the whole group is regarded as one thing, it is
singular, but plural when different groups are meant, or
when it refers to the individuals composing a group; as,
the army is large; the armies are moving; the congregation
owns a church; the congregations are of various national-
ities; most people are eager to succeed.

54. How are most nouns made plural?

By adding s to the singular; but those ending in 4, a, w,
y, preceded by a consonant, or in s, x, 2, s#, and soft ch,
add ¢s.

55. What ts the origin of the use of the possessive sign ’s?

It is the abbreviation of the old English ending es or 7s;
the sign (’) being called an. apostrophe, because it indi-
cates the omission of the ¢ or z.

56. How are most compound words made plural?

By making plural that part described by the rest; as
mouse-traps, cupfuls.

57- How are the titles Mr., Mrs., Miss and Dr. made
plural?

Mr., Dr. and Miss are made plural: by annexations; as

236 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Messrs., Drs., Misses. When the title is Mrs., or when a
numeral stands before the title, the title is made plural; as,
the Mesdames Brown, the two AZisses Smith.

58. How is the plural of foreign nouns formed?

Most of them retain their foreign plurals when used in
the English language.

59. How are classic words ending in a, us, um or on, is,
x or ex changed to form the plural?
When the ending is a, it is changed to @ or a/a, us is

changed to 2, wm or on to a, is to es or ides, x or ex to ces
or cies.

60. Form the plural of the following words: .Formula,
larva, nebula, vertebra, focus, radius, sarcophagus, stimulus,
phenomenon, datum, analysis, synthesis, axts, basts, crisis,
emphasis, oasis, parenthesis, thesis.

Formula, larve, nebulz, vertebra, foci, radii, sarcophagi,
stimuli, phenomena, data, analyses, syntheses, axes, bases,
crises, emphases, oases, parentheses, theses.

61. How are letters and figures made plural?
By annexing ’s;as, the Z’s,; the 3’s.

62. What is enallage as used in grammar?

A change of words, or a substitution of one gender,
number, case, person, tense, mode or voice of the same
word, for another.

63. Whatis case? Name the cases.

That property of nouns and pronouns which shows
their relation to other words. The cases are nominative,
possessive, and objective.

64. When is a noun or pronoun used in particular cases?

It is used in the nominative when it is the subject of a
verb; in the objective when it is the object of a verb or

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 237

preposition; and in the possessive when it denotes
possession.

65. When is a noun or pronoun used independently?

In direct address: ‘/ohm, your father is here.” In
exclamation: “Alas, poor VYorrck/” In pleonasm or
specification: ‘He that hath ears, let him hear.”

66. How ts the possessive case usually denoted?

By adding s in the singular number, and putting the
‘apostrophe after the sin the plural.

67. How can the possessive case be expressed without the
apostrophe?

By using of; as, ‘The death of Socrates.”

68. When are two terms in apposition, and when ts one
predicated by the other? In what must these terms agree?

When a verb joins the terms, one is predicated of the
other; as, “He is president.” When no verb joins them,
the latter term is in apposition with the former; as,
‘‘Webster, the orator.”’ ‘These terms must agree in case.

69. How is a compound term expressed in the possessive
case?

It takes the possessive sign but once; generally at the
end, or next to the name of the object possessed; as, “The
court martial’s decision,” ‘ Daniel Webster's oration.”

70. When is a noun or pronoun in the same case as
another?

When it denotes the same person or thing.

71. /n how many cases are compound personal pronouns
used ?

Only in the nominative and objective cases, and then
they retain the same form.

72. Decline who, which, what, avd that?

Nominative who, possessive whose, objective whom;

238 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

which and what have the same form in the nominative and
objective, but borrow whose for their possessive. That is
not declined.

73. When may that have two cases?

When it is a relative, and equivalent to ‘Aat which.

74. What ts declension?

A regular arrangement of the grammatical properties of
a noun or pronoun.

75. How are the articles the, a, and an used?

The is used to point out a particular one, object or class;
a or an, to show that no particular one of a class is meant.

76. Why are both a and an called the indefinite article?

Because they have the same meaning. As is used when
the next word begins with a consonant sound; a”, when
the next word begins with a vowel sound.

77. What ts an adjective?

A word used to qualify or limit the meaning of a noun
or pronoun.

78. How are the adjectives divided?

Into descriptive and definitive.

79. Define each class.

The descriptive adjective describes or qualifies; the
definitive specifies or limits.

80. nto what smaller classes are adjectives divided?

Into common, proper, numeral, pronominal, participial
-and compound.

81. Define a common adjective.

The common adjective expresses quality.

82. Define a proper adjective.
A proper adjective is one derived from a proper name.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR, 239

83. What ts a participial adjective?

A participle used as an adjective.

84. Whatis a compound adjective?

A compound word used as an adjective.

85. What is a numeral adjective?

One that expresses number.

86. How are the numeral adjectives divided?

Into cardinal, ordinal, multiplicative, and indefinite.

87. Give examples of each class.

The cardinals are ove, two, etc.; the ordinals, frst, second,
etc.; the multiplicative, sémg/e, double; the indefinite, few,
many.

88. What ts a pronominal adjective?

One sometimes used as a pronoun.

89. Junto what classes are pronominal adjectives divided?

The distributive, the demonstrative and the indefinite.

90. What modifications have adjectives}

Number and comparison.

gt. What is comparison?

A variation in the form of adjectives ‘and adverbs to
denote different degrees of meaning.

92. How many degrees are there?

Three: positive, comparative and superlative.

93. Define the respective degrees.

The positive degree expresses the quality of the ad-
jective; the comparative expresses the quality in a
higher or lower degree; the superlative expresses the
quality in the highest or lowest degree.

94. What parts of speech have comparison?

Adjectives and adverbs,

240 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

gs. How are degrees below the positive expressed?

Usually by adding Zess and /eas?.

96. When should more or most be preferred in comparison?

Usually with adjectives of more than two syllables, or
those of two syllables that do not end in / or }.

97. What is the difference between comparison ascending
and comparison descending?

One expands in volume of expression, or grows greater
in its comparison, while the other decreases with the
prefixes /ess and /east.

98. When are adjectives redundant?
When they have more than one form for the superlative;
as, near, nearer, nearest or next.

99. When adjectives of one syllable and those of several
syllables come together, which are placed first and how are they
compared?

The monosyllables are placed first, and all are compared
by prefixing more and most, as, “The more 7zce and elegant
parts.”’ ee

100. Must adjectives always agree with their substantives
in number? |

Yes, although the substantive is not always expressed.

101. When does an adjective become a noun?

When it is used abstractly, or in place of a noun of
which it expresses quality; as, the briny deef, the good.

102. Whatis aver? A regular verb? An irregular verb?

A verb is a word used to state the act. or state of the
subject. A regular verb is one that forms its past tense by
adding ed; an irregular verb does not add ed.

103. What are the principal parts of a verb? z

The present tense, past tense, present participle, and
perfect participle.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 241

104. Why are these called the principal parts?

By means of these and the auxiliary verbs all the other
parts of the verb can be formed.

105. Whatis aredundant verb? A defective verb?) A finite
verb?

A redundant verb is one which has more than one form
for some of its principal parts. A defective verb is wanting
in some of its principal parts. A finite verb predicates
the act or state of its subject.

106. What parts of a verb are not finite?

The infinitives and participles.

107. What is a transitive verb? An intransitive verb?

A transitive verb is one which has or requires an object.
An intransitive does not have or require an object.

108. When may a transitive verb become intransitive?

When its chief design is to set forth an act and leave
the object unknown. ‘She reads well.”

109. When may an intransitive verb become transitive?

In poetical expressions, in a causative sense, and in idi-
omatic expressions; as, fo march armies, I laughed myself

hoarse.

110. What its a neuter verb?

One which expresses state without action or the receiv-
ing of action.

111. What is a principal, and what an auxiliary verb?

A principal verb expresses the chief act or state. An
auxiliary verb helps other verbs to express their grammatical
_ properties.

112. Define a redundant verb.

A redundant verb is so called because it has more than
one form for some of the modes and tenses.

242 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

113. Give examples of redundant verbs.

Be, awake, bereave, bet, dig, dwell, lean, keep, hang, gild,
kneel, hew, knit.

114. What properties have verbs?

Voice, mode, tense, person and number.

115. Define voice, mode and tense?

Voice shows whether the subject does or receives the act.
Mode is manner of assertion. Tense expresses time.

116. What are the person and number of a verb?

The form of the verb to agree with the subject.

117. When ts a verb in the active or passive voice}

In the active when the subject acts, in the passive when
it receives the act.

118. How is a verb in the active voice changed into the
passive?

By using the object of a verb for the subject.

119. Zo what verbs does voice belong?

To transitive verbs only.

120. How many modes are there?

Four: indicative, subjunctive, potential and imperative.
Some grammarians add an infinitive mode.

121. Define them. ;

The indicative indicates or declares a fact. The poten-
tial expresses power, possibility, liberty, inclination, duty
and necessity. The subjunctive expresses a wish, an un-
certainty or a future contingency. The imperative com-
mands or entreats.

122. What is the difference between the forms of the indt-
cative and subjunctive modes?

The only difference is in the third person singular of two
of the tenses, the present and the present-perfect.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR, 243

123. How many tenses are there in each of the modes?

There are six in the indicative; three in the subjunc-
tive — the present, past, and past-perfect; in the potential,
four —the present, present-perfect, past and past-perfect;
and in the imperative, one —the present tense.

124. What are the signs of the tenses?

In the indicative mode ave is the sign of the present-
perfect tense; Aad the sign of the past-perfect; sha// or
will, of the future; sha// have or will have, of the future-
perfect. The present or past tense is the simplest form,
expressing present or past time. The signs of the present
potential are may, can, must; of the present-perfect, may
have, can have, must have; of the past, might, could, would,
should; of the past-perfect, might have, could have, would
have, should have. The three tenses of the subjunctive
mode are the same in form as the indicative, except in the
singular number of the present and past tense, which takes
the plural form without variation. ‘The imperative has the
same form as the present indicative.

125. What are the forms of a tense?

The different ways in which it can be expressed; as the
common form, the emphatic, the progressive, the passive
and solemn.

126. What is the emphatic form of a verb?

That which denotes emphasis, by making <# or did a
part of the verb.

127. How is the passive form expressed? How the pro-
gressive? id

_ The passive form is expressed by combining the verb Ze,
or some of its variations, with the perfect participle. The
progressive form represents the continuation of the act or
state, and is formed by combining the verb Je, or some of
its variations, with the present participle.

244 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

128. What ts the ancient form?

The old common form that is still used in the solemn
style. With ‘tou and ye for subjects, it has the ending 4,
s¢ or est for the second person singular, and /4 or efA for
the third person singular.

129. How is a proposition made interrogative? How made
negative ?

Interrogative, by placing the verb, or part of it, before
the nominative. Negative, by placing zo¢ after the verb
or after the first auxiliary.

130. When the subject consists of words differing in person,
how is the form of the verb or pronoun determined}

The first person is preferred to the second, and the
second to the third. You, John and I ave attached to our
country. Ifthe nominatives are taken separately, or con-
nected by vr or wor, the verb prefers the nominative next
tot. srle.or | a7 to blame,

131. What is an impersonal verb?

A verb having person and number without a subject; as,
methinks, meseems.

132. What properties have the auxiliary verbs?

Voice, mode, tense, person and number.

133. Whata . the auxiliary verbs?

Be an@ its variations; do, did; can, could; have, had;
may, might; must; shall, should; will, would.

134. Which of these are sometimes principal verbs?

4B, or am, was, do and have.

135. When is it proper to use shall and should?

When a duty, command, determination, resolve is to be
expressed, and in future propositions when the subject is
of the first person and no reference is made to the will of
the subject.

-

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 245

136. When is it proper to use will and would?

When the idea is that of willingness, inclination, or in
future propositions when the subject is of the second or
third person and no compulsion is to be expressed.

137. When are do, be and have principal verbs?

When not combined with any other verb expressed or
understood.

138. What stands as an answer to what? or whom? ofa
transitive verb?

The object or complement of the transitive verb stands
as an answer to the question what? or whom? with the
verb.

139. How can you determine whether a verb is transitive
or intransitive?

By asking the question what? or whom? If the verb
will carry an answer relating to some particular thing it is
transitive, but if it does not carry the subject to some
termination it is intransitive.

140. How many terms are implied in a transitive verb?

Three: subject, predicate and object.

141. How many terms are implied in an intransitive verb?

Only two: the subject and predicate.

142. What ts a copulative verb?

One used to assert the condition of a subject; as, sugar
is sweet. It is an incomplete verb using an adjective,
noun or pronoun relating to the subject, and is often
called a neuter verb.

143. What are the principal copulative verbs?

Be, become, seem, appear, grow, feel, look, smell, taste,
etc.

246 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

144. What ts the peculiarity of coputative verbs?

They imply in their meaning the verb 7o de; thus, become
is really to “come to be”; appear is to “be in appearance.”

145. What is an infinitive?
The form of the verb generally preceded by /o, expressing

an act or state without predicating it. There are two in-
finitives: the present and the erect.

146. How is the present infinitive formed, and what does
it denote?

In the active voice, by combining /o with the simplest
form of the verb; in the passive voice, by using /o de with
a simple participle.

147. How is the perfect infinitive formed, and what does it
denote?

By combining /o have or to have been, with a simple
participle. It represents the completion of the act or state
at the time referred to.

148. When is to, the sign of the infinitive, omitted?

When the infinitive is combined with the auxiliary or
after the active verbs dzd, dare, let, make, need, see, hear,
feel, and sometimes after have, help, please and find.

149. Whatis a participle ?

A word derived from a verb, participating in the proper-
ties of a verb and adjective. It is generally formed by
adding zug, d or ed to the verb. There are two participles:
the present and the ferfect.

150. How is the present participle formed?

By annexing zwg to the simplest form of the verb, so as
to represent the act or state as present and continuing at
the time referred to.

151. How is the perfect participle formed?

By annexing d@ or ed to the simplest form of the verb, so

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 247

as to represent the act or state as completed at the time
referred to.

I 52. What voices have participles?

The simple present participle of a transitive verb is
nearly always in the active voice. The simple perfect par-
ticiple of a transitive verb is either active or passive; it is
active when /ave or any of its forms is combined with it,
and passive when it stands by itself, or when de or any of
its forms is combined with it.

153. Whatis a compound participle?

Being, having, or having been, combined with some other
participle.

154. What do being, having and having been express in
relation to participles?

Being expresses the present passive participle; aving
expresses the perfect active participle; Aaving been ex-
presses the perfect passive participle.

155- What are some of the chief particulars in which par-
ticiples and injinitives agree and differ?

They have voice and tense; are annexed to auxiliary
verbs; partake of the nature of nouns, adjectives and
adverbs; and, when nouns, assume case. A _ participle
may become an adjective, it may govern the possessive
case, it may become concrete and assume number, it may
be used after prepositions; but an infinitive has none of
these attributes.

156. What is the conjugation of a verb?

The regular arrangement of the modes, tenses, persons,
numbers and participles.

157. What ts the inflection of a verb?

Its conjugation.

248 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

158. What is meant by the weak and the strong conjugation
of verbs?

The weak conjugation is the regular formation of the
verb; as, move, moved. ‘The strong conjugation is. its
irregular formation; as, gvow, grew, with the past participle
ending in 7 or en.

159. What ts the theme of a verb?

That form which admits of the preposition /v before it;
in other words, the infinitive form of the verb.

160. What is a paradigm?

A model of inflection by which to inflect other words.

161. What ts it to make a verb?

To place a word in the position of a verb where it will
carry the properties of an action.

162. What is the synopsis of a verb?

An outline of its parts through the modes and tenses, in
a single person and number.

163. What forms of a verb are called composite? —

Those which consist of auxiliaries combined with
participles or infinitives.

164. What is an adverb? How are most of them Jormed?

A word used to modify the meaning of a verb, adjective,
or other adverb. Most adverbs are formed from adjectives
by adding Zy. :

165. What ts a conjunctive adverb?

One used to perform the office of a conjunction and
adverb at the same time.

166. Junto what classes are adverbs divided?

Into adverbs of time, place, degree and manner.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 249

167. What is the difference in the use of an adjective and
an adverb?

An adverb expresses manner, or describes the act; an
adjective describes the subject or object.

168. How can we ascertain to what class adverbs belong?

Adverbs of time answer the questions: When? How
long? How often? Adverbs of place answer the ques-
tions: Where? Whence? Adverbs of degree answer the
questions: How much? To what extent? In what degree?
Adverbs of manner answer the question: How?

169. What is a preposition? An adjunct?

A word used to show the relation between a following
noun or pronoun and some other word. An adjunct isa
preposition with its objects and modifiers, and may relate
to a substantive, verb, adjective or adverb.

170. What may a substantive be when governed by a pre-
position?

A noun, a pronoun, an infinitive, a participial noun, or a
clause.

171. When does a preposition become an adverb?

When there is no word to govern; as, The eagle flew
up, then around, then down again.

172. Whatis a conjunction? Correlative connective?

A word used to connect words, phrases or propositions.
A correlative connective is one of a separated pair that
connect the same parts; as, /Vezther this zor that.

173. What ts the difference between analysis and syn-
thesis?

Analysis is the resolving of a whole into its parts.
Synthesis is the combining of the parts to form a whole.

250 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

174. What is parsing?
The resolving of a sentence into its parts, giving their
properties and syntax.

175. What ts relation? agreement? government?

The relation of words is their connection with one
another; agreement is their similarity in person, number,
gender, case, etc.; government is the power one word has
over another.

176. What ts a sentence? clause? proposition? phrase?

A sentence is an assemblage of words making complete
sense; a clause is a proposition which makes only part of
a sentence; a proposition is a subject combined with its
predicate; a phrase is two or more words, but not an
entire proposition.

177. What ts a declaratory sentence? interrogatory? imper-
ative? exclamatory?

A declaratory sentence expresses a declaration; an in-
terrogative sentence asks a question; an imperative sen-
tence expresses a command or entreaty; an exclamatory
sentence expresses an exclamation.

178. What is a simple sentence? compound? complex?

A simple sentence has but one proposition; a compound
sentence has two or more propositions; a complex sentence
has one principal clause, with one or more dependent
clauses.

179. What are the subject and predicate of a sentence?

The subject is that of which something is said; the
predicate is what is said of the subject.

180. What are the logical and grammatical subject and -
predicate of a sentence?

The grammatical subject and predicate are the subject

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 251

and predicate words; the logical subject and predicate are
these words with all their modifiers.

181. What ts discourse, and of what may it treat?

Discourse is a train of thought expressed in language,
and may be description, narration, science or philosophy.

182. What is a paragraph?

A sentence or combination of sentences, completing a
train of thought, and distinguished by a new beginning.

183. Upon what ts analysts based?

Three relations: the predicate relation, the adjective
relation, and the adverbial relation.

184. What are elements of sentences?

Words, phrases and clauses.

185. What must every proposition have?
A subject and predicate.

186. What is a modifier?

A modifier is a dependent word, phrase or clause, used
to limit or vary the meaning of some other word or ex-
pression; it may be an adjective or an adverbial modifier.

187. By what may a noun and pronoun be modified?

By an article, an adjective, a possessive, an appositive,
a participle, or an infinitive, as well as by phrases and
clauses.

188. By what may a verb be modified?

By an object, a predicate adjective, an adverb, a parti-
ciple, or an infinitive, as well as by phrases and clauses.

189. When an infinitive or participle is used as a noun,
what modifiers does tt take?

The infinitive takes only the modifiers of a verb; the
participle those of either a verb or a noun,

252 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

190. What parts of speech are never modified?

Articles, prepositions, conjunctions, and interjections.

191. What kinds of words are connectives?

Conjunctions, prepositions, relative pronouns, respon-
sive pronouns, and conjunctive adverbs.

192. ln the analysis of phrases, what forms are given?

Simple, complex, compound, mixed, and prepositional.

193. What part ofa sentence is considered the most impor-
tant?

The beginning; the next most important is the end.

194. When may a subordinate element occupy the chief
place?

When it is uppermost in the speaker’s mind, or denotes
what is most striking. ‘Out flew millions of flaming
words.” ‘By these we acquired our liberty.”

195. What is a period in grammar?

A sentence so constructed that the meaning is sus-
pended till the close.

196. Jn what do all the errors of language consist?

In the improper arrangement of words, in the use of
improper words, in the omission of words, and in the use
of unnecessary words.

197. What ts a figure in grammar?

A deviation from the ordinary form; a construction or
application of words for the sake of brevity, force, or
beauty.

198. Vame the figures of grammar.

The figures of orthography, of etymology, of syntax, and
of rhetoric.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 253

199. What ts a figure of orthography ?

An intentional deviation from the ordinary or true
spelling of a word.

200. What is a figure of etymology?

An intentional deviation from the ordinary formation of
a word.

201. What is a figure of syntax?

An intentional deviation from the ordinary construction
of words.

202. What is a figure of rhetoric?
An intentional deviation from the ordinary application
of words.

203. What are the names of the most important figures of
etymology ?

Apheresis, syncope, apocope, prosthesis, paragoge,
tmesis, dizeresis, synzeresis.

204. Define them.

Apheeresis is the shortening of a word by taking a letter
or syllable from the beginning; as, ’gainst, there's.
Syncope is the shortening of a word by taking a letter or a
syllable from the middle; as, 7ed’uimg for reddening.
Apocope is the shortening of a word by taking a letter or
syllable from the end; as, ¢/’ for the. Prosthesis is the
lengthening of a word by prefixing a syllable. Paragoge
is the lengthening of a word by annexing a syllable.
Tmesis is the insertion of a word between the parts of a
compound; as, on which side soever. Dieresis is the
division of two concurrent vowels into different syllables
usually marked thus, codperate, aérial, Synezxresis is the
joining of two syllables into one; as, dost, loved, learned,
for do-est, lov-ed, learn-ed.

254 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

205. What zs ellipsis? aposiopesis? seugma? pleonasm?

Ellipsis is the omission of words, and elision the omis-
sion of letters. Aposiopesis is the leaving of something
unsaid. Zeugma is the reference of a word to two others,
when in strict syntax it can agree with only one of them.
Pleonasm is the using of more words than the sense or
syntax absolutely requires.

206. What ts a simile? metaphor? allegory? synecdoche?

A simile is a comparison expressed. A metaphor is a
comparison implied; as, “Life is an zsthmus between two
eternities.” An allegory is a fictitious story about one
thing, which is designed to teach some moral or practical
wisdom about another. Synecdoche is the name of a part
applied to the whole, or that of the whole applied to a
part.

207. What is antithesis? trony? paralipsis? hyperbole?

Antithesis is a contrast; as ‘Virtue ennobles, vice
debases.”” Irony is the sneering use of words with a con-
trary meaning. Paralipsis is the pretended omission or
concealment of what is meant; as, “I will not call him a
villain, for it would be unparliamentary.” Hyperbole is
exaggeration.

208. What is euphemism? interrogation? exclamation?

Euphemism is a softened mode of speech for what would
be disagreeable or offensive if plainly spoken. Interroga-
tion is an appeal in the form of a question to strengthen a
statement. Exclamation is an abrupt mode of speech,
designed to express more strongly the emotions of the
speaker.

209. What ts versification? verse?

Versification is the art of making verse. Verse is the
musical arrangement of words, according to some regular
accent.

ENGLISH GRAMMAR. 255

210. What is a foot?

A foot is two or more syllables, constituting a part of a
line or verse.

211. What is rhyme? blank verse?

Rhyme is the similarity of sounds between the endings
of poetic lines. Blank verse is verse without rhyme.

212. What is a couplet? a stanza?

A couplet is two poetic lines, usually rhyming together.
A stanza isa regular division of a poem, and consists of
three or more poetic lines with complete rhymes.

sg As

i etre 4) Horie AeeaicWie mar gee abi be

Or

ne TH) PAY an @ i

Tne DRA ens at hh wu sis kaaihuity ‘a veal
oe 2 mi 13h oe lassie) uh ch Mi Nh i ath es F i ie Mi es, or pa
a , Ree hod" niiog fy at i ade .

sh \ a a Wane Pia ated, A= vt theta
‘y At ‘ t F Vai Aua a ty Ly eh 4 ay a bh Vr
Ney rep, . ;

Rake iii fit ty ah aw te laine eiae Wt re ey 4%

VAI lye) Bene Situath h ay bala a tire! iet oa i"

| hee Oa Ne bar
en Ms y “sig hy na} ) aie SHR ohh sa epee ae
1, if f Als Hy WAR Ai digs : y Aronia Ara: vi a at Ty 5.) a ae, e i
Maly Aye \ Me he Vitali ut ny pie ; : ‘ \ :
| 7 LL 3° a Ri LK) a | Fi i
i HAL: ee " ¥ v in peyadi
4
ihe nes
Ke in ae : ey Pp aa yi r

ce a Pan i) NS a aa) (a vee ee Aca ms Be toon i iy iy tale 7
i f

a ; }
1} : J Ls i A 7
be: ae pili met _ Oe fr ; eon iy
at Ratt Pom Wu ery cL oP Ta, ON TA el A ies Lh A le ae
I i y LP he i tee ie iy™ inal
i ee ie 2 Hee ; A" PME neue Whee
i a i i ‘ i

al Lint ; he tu j f
a ie: Age 0% ubt aie | np bee Wis Ait

rp ig i cieehiat | a eylite b4s ery
poh on ney Wee ce aye ives Tha ‘

ia Mh uw Rant Mi * i

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

LE DEER. WRIEEING

1. What five important things are to be considered in writ.
ing a letter?

The heading, the introduction, the body of the letter,
the conclusion, and the superscription.

2. Ofwhat does the heading consist?

Of the name of the place at which the letter is written,
and the date.

3. What important things should be considered in giving
the name of the place?

If in a city, the name of the street and door number of
the residence should be given. If at a hotel, school, or
well-known institution, the name should be given. If ina
village, or country place, the post-office address, the name
of the county and State.

4. Of what does the date consist?

The name of the month, the day of the month, and the
year.

5. How should the heading be written?

Begin about an inch and a half from the top of the page,
on the first ruled line of commercial note, a little to the left
of the middle. If the heading occupies more than one

ai)

258 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

line, let each line begin a little farther to the right than
the other. The day of the month, year, and door number
are written in figures.

6. How should you capitalize and punctuate the heading?

Each important word begins with a capital letter, each
item is set off by the comma, and the whole closes with a
period.

7. Of what does the introduction consist?

Of the name, the title, and the place of business or resi-
dence of the person addressed.

8. What are the common titles in use, and to whom should
they be applied?

The prefix A/r. should be applied to a man’s name;
Messrs. to the names of several men; J/as/er to that of a
lad; AZzss to that of a young lady; A/7s. to that of a mar-
tied lady; JA/isses to several young ladies; Mesdames to
several married or elderly ladies; Dy. to a physician; fev.
to a clergyman, or Xev. Mr., if name is unknown; Rev. Dr.
to a Doctor of Divinity, or ev. can be placed before the
name and D. D. after it; Avs EHxcellency to the name of a
Governor or Ambassador; //on. to the name of a Cabinet
Officer, a Member of Congress, a State Senator, a Judge or
Mayor.

9. What is the most approved form of addressing the Pres-
ident?

To the President, Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C.
The salutation would simply be, A/7. President.

10. Lf two literary or professional titles are added to a
name, in what order should they be written?

In the order in which they were conferred.

11. Vame the order of some of these common titles.
A. M., Ph. D.D. DD. FL. D. ‘The higher implessthe

LETTER WRITING. 259

lower, and great care should be taken to guard against an
excessive use of these titles. .

12. How should you express the salutations?

They vary according to the station of the person ad-
dressed, or the degree of intimacy with him. Strangers
may be addressed as Si, Rev. Sir, General, Madam, etc.;
acquaintances, as Dear Sir, Dear Madam, friends, as J/)
dear Sir, My dear Madam, My dear Jones; near relatives
and dear friends, as My dear Wife, My dear Boy, Dearest
Ellen, etc.

13. How do you begin the address of a letter?

If it is a business letter, on the next line below the
heading, at the left side of the page, and, if it contains
more than one line, it should be spaced as in the heading.
If the letter is of an official character or is written to a
friend, the address may be placed at the bottom of the
letter.

14. Where should the salutation begin?

It should begin a little to the right of the address, unless
the address is written below.

15. How should the salutation be punctuated?

Every important word should begin with a capital letter,
and the whole followed by a comma, or a comma and a
dash, as Dear Sir,—. The semicolon is generally used
instead of the comma.

16. Where do you begin the body of the letter?

If the introduction is long, on the same line with the
salutation; or below the line if the introduction is short.

17. How should business letters be composed?

They should be brief, and the sentences short, concise,
and to the point. Repeat nothing, and omit nothing
needful.

260 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

18. What should be the character of official letters and
Jormal notes?

They should be more stately and ceremonious. In
formal notes the third person is generally used instead of
the first and the second, and there is no introduction, no
conclusion, no signature; thus:

Mr, and Mrs, F—
request the pleasure of Mr. H—’s company
at a social gathering
on
Tuesday evening, May 17th,
at 8 o'clock.
25 Kimball Ave., May Sth.

The answer may be couched thus:
Mr. K—
accepls with pleasure
Mr. and Mrs. F—’s kind invitation for
Tuesday evening, May 17th.
Monday morning, May oth.

19. How should the conclusion be drawn?

The conclusion consists of the complimentary close, and
the signature. The forms are many and varied, according
to the relations of the writer to the person addressed. In
letters of friendship use, Your sincere friend, Yours affection-
ately, Your loving son or daughter, etc. In business letters,
Yours, Yours truly, Yours respectfully, Very respectfully yours.
In official letters, 7 ave the honor to be, Sir, your obedient
servant; Very respectfully, Your most obedient servant, etc.

20. What about the signature?

It should consist of the Christian name and surname. In
signing a letter to a stranger write the Christian name in
full. A lady addressing a stranger should prefix to her
signature her title, J/7s. or A/zss, placing it within the marks
of parenthesis; as, (Miss), unless in her writing she has in-

LETTER WRITING. aan

dicated which of these titles her correspondent is to use in
reply.
21. Where should the first word of the conclusion begin?

It should begin near the middle of the first line below
the body of the letter, and be spaced according to the
‘number of lines occupied, like the heading and address.

22. What ts the superscription?
The address on the envelope.
23. How should you address an envelope and stamp it?

The address should begin just below the middle of the
envelope and near the left edge. Thespacing should slope
to the right as in the heading, and so that the last line will
come near the lower right-hand corner. ‘The name and
title should occupy the first line; if in a city, the door-
number and name of street should be on the second line,
the name of the city on the third, and the name of the
State on the fourth. In the country the name of the
county may be written below the post-office address, or in
the lower left-hand corner. Every line should end with a
comma except the last, which should be followed by a
period. Care should be taken to write plainly and in a
straight line. The stamp should be placed in the upper
right-hand corner.

A SPECIMEN LETTER.

MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 14, 1887.
Wm. A. Gault, Esq.,
Caldwell,
Wis.

My Dear Sir:— Yours of the
toth received. I am surprised to hear of the failure of
Mr. B., and will meet you as requested at Mukwonago, on
the 18th inst.

Yours respectfully,
JAMES GILMORE.

262 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

A SPECIMEN SUPERSCRIPTION.

anatase

Mr. Wm. A. Gault,
Caldwel/,

Racine Co. Wisconsin.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY
AND PHONOLOGY.

1. Of what does Orthography treat?

It treats of correct spelling, and the nature and power
of letters.

2. Define Orthoepy.

The art of correct pronunciation.

3. What is Phonology?

The science of uttering the elementary sounds.

4. What is sound, and how are sounds classified?

Sound is the sensation produced upon the auditory nerve
by vibration of the air or other conducting media. Sounds
are classified as tones and noises.

5. What are tones? What are notses?

Tones are harmonious sounds which are pleasing to the
ear. Noises are sounds without any regularity of produc-
tion and devoid of the harmony of tones.

6. What ts a letter?

A character used to represent an elementary sound.
263

264 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

7. What are elementary sounds?

Distinct single sounds, by the combination of which all
the words of our language are formed.

8. How many elementary sounds are there in the English
language, and how are they divided?

There are forty-five. They are divided into three
classes: vowels, subvocals, and aspirates.

9g. Are all the elementary sounds distinct and true elements
of our language?

Many of them are similarly formed and therefore diffi-
cult to distinguish, but they are as near the requirements
of a pure articulation as phonetists have been able to
devise.

10. How are these sounds produced?

By the organs of speech, with the breath.

11. What are the organs of speech?

The principal ones are the lips, teeth, tongue, palate,
and nasal passages.

12. How is voice produced?

By the action of the breath on the larynx.

13. What are the organs of voice?

They are the lungs, diaphragm, intercostal muscles,
bronchi and trachea, larynx and pharynx.

14. What ts the difference between voice and speech?

Voice is tone produced by the action of the breath on
the larynx, while speech is the modulation of the voice to
express thought, and may be uttered in a whisper.

15. What are the vocal chords?

They are the special vocal apparatus, and consist of two
ligaments or bands of fibrous tissue situated within the
larynx.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 265

16. What peculiar formation has the tongue?

It consists of a mass of muscular fibres so arranged as to
admit of motion in every direction or several directions at
once.

17. Describe the palate.

- The palate is the roof of the mouth continuing back-
ward, where it becomes a yielding, muscular, membraneous
awning, separating the mouth proper from the nasal
passages and the upper part of the pharynx.

18. What connection has the ear with the voice?

The ear receives the productions of the voice, and by
the communication of the auditory nerves with the brain
they are understood.

19. How is speech produced?

By the action of the diaphragm and other muscles the
breath is forced from the lungs through the bronchi and
trachea into the larynx, where it comes into contact with
the vocal chords, which, being called into action, produce
a vibration, and by the resonating of the pharynx and other
cavities is communicated to the external air, falling at
length as a tone upon the listening ear.

20. How are the letters divided?

Into vowels and consonants. )
21. What are vowels?

Vowels are letters that denote pure tones.

22. What are consonants?

Consonants are letters that represent the subvocal or
aspirate sounds.

23. How are the consonants divided?

Into single letters and combinations, mutes and semi-
vowels, subvocals and aspirates.

266 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

24. Whatis a mute?

A letter which admits of no escape of breath while the
organs of speech are in contact.

25. Vame the mutes.

The mutes are 4, Z, d, 4, 2, c, and g hard.
26. What ts a semivowel?

A letter which, in pronouncing, admits of an escape of
breath. The semivowels include all the consonants except
the mutes.*

27. What divisions are formed from the semivowels?

Four of the semivowels, 4, m, 7, 7, are called liquids be-
-cause of their soft sound, which easily unites with the
sounds of other letters; two of them, # and x, and one of
the combinations, zg, are called nasals; s and z are called
sibilants, or hissing letters.

28. What are subvocals?

Those consonants which produce an undertone of voice
when their sounds are uttered.

29. Vame them.

The subvocals are 0, 4, Z, J, 4, #, 1, 7, U, @, y, % Wee
and zg.

30. What are aspirates?

The aspirates are mere whispers made by the organs of
speech and breath, and, are 4 /,. 4, % p,-5, 4.42%, Ghash,
and wh.

31. Lame the combinations of the consonants.

They are // aspirate, #4 subvocal, ch, sh, zh, wh, and ng.

* The difference between the mutes and semivowels is that the
organs of speech are more closely united in pronouncing the mutes
than the semivowels.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 267

32. According to their formation, into what classes are the
consonant sounds divided?

Four: dabials, dentals, linguals, and palatals.

33. How are the labials formed?

By the lips; as 4, f, m, p, v, w, and wh. The lips are as-
sisted by the teeth in making the sounds of / and 7,

34. How are the dentals formed?

Through the teeth; as 7, 5, 2, ch, sh, sh, and ¢ and g soft.

35. How are the linguals formed?

By the tongue, and are d, 4, 7,7, 4, y, t# aspirate, and fh
subvocal.

36. How are the palatals formed?

By the palate; as 4, g, x, mg, and ¢ and g hard.

37. Why ts the letter h not included in these divisions?

As the sound is formed by emitting the breath suddenly
with all the organs open, it does not properly belong to
these divisions, since the organs of speech are not brought
into action.

38. What are cognates?

Letters whose elements are produced by the same organs
ina similar manner; as fandv. The aspirates (except 4)
are all cognates of some of the subvocals.

39: How do we analyze words?

By taking each letter separately, stating whether it is a
vowel or consonant; if a vowel, what its sound is; if a
consonant, to what divisions it belongs.

40. How zs th aspirate distinguished from th subvocal?

To distinguish 7% subvocal from ¢# aspirate, a dash is
placed beneath the subvocal.

41. How are the elementary sounds divided?

There are twenty vowel sounds, fifteen subvocals, and
ten aspirates.

268 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

42. How many sounds have the vowels?

Forty-five, classified as follows:

A, a, a, a, a, a, as in ale, add, ain, arm, ank, alle
é, é, 6, as in eve, end, verge.
i, 1, as ince, all:
20 eras :

0, 6, as in old, odd.

Vowel sala Pay ;

sounds | 00, 00, aS in moon, wool.
u, u, a, as in use, up, urge.
ou, as in out.
oi, as in oil.

SUBVOCALS :
by d.i25r4, 1, ascin abet, @ot,eet, jet, did.
as m, n, 7, r, #2, as in mit, not, finger, rat, that.

conso- | V, W, y, Z, zh, as in vat, woe, yet, buzz, azure.
nant ASPIRATES :
sounds p, t, k, h, as in pet, tin, kit, hat.
ch, th, f, wh, as in chin, thin, fat, when.
s, sh, as in sin, shot.

43. According to this classification” of elementary sounds,
how many letters would be regutred to form a full alphabet?

Forty-five.
44. How is this deficiency filled?

By giving to some letters more than one sound. ‘These
sounds are represented by marks or symbols.

45. What names are given to the symbols which represent
the different sounds?

The Macron ~
The Breve ~
Vowel | The Circumflex ~
marks. ) The Tilde, or Wave ~
Two Dots ~
One Dot :

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 269

Conso- | The Bar —
nant The Dotted Bar -
marks. | The Cedilla ,

46. Ofadll the elementary sounds, which represent the purest
product of the human voice?

The /talian a, as in ah.

47. What can be said of all other vocals and subvocals ?

They are considered modifications of this tone, as they
require some portion of it.

48. What is a diphthong?

A union of two vowel sounds in the same syllable.

49. How many diphthongs are there?

Four: 02, ow, 02, oy.

50. How many sounds are represented by these diphthongs?

Two: ow and ow represent the same sound, and are
called inseparable diphthongs, because they cannot be sep-
arated into two distinct vowel sounds; o/ and oy represent
one sound, and are called separable diphthongs, because
their sounds can be separated into broad 2 and short z
To test the separable diphthongs, spell by sound the words
oil and boy, using broad @ and short ¢ in each, and pro-
nounce in quick succession,

51. What is a digraph? What is a triphthong?

A digraph is the union of two vowels in the same syllable,
one of which is silent. A triphthong is the union of three
vowels in the same syllable, two of which are silent.

52. What are the elements of which orthoépy treats?

Articulation, syllabication and accent.

53. What is a syllable?

A letter or combination of letters, uttered by one
emission of the voice.

270 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

54. What is a word?

A syllable or combination of syllables representing some
thought or idea.

55. What are words of one, two, three, four or more syl-
lables called?

Monosyllables, dissyllables, trisyllables and polysyllables.
56. What ts essential in every syllable?

A vowel.

57- By what ts the principal sound in every syllable pro-
duced?

By the vowel, except in unaccented syllables with e as
the vowel sound.

58. Zo what does every consonant belong?

To some vowel or diphthong, unless it be silent.

59: When is a consonant antecedent or consequent to a
vowel?

When it precedes the vowel in the same syllable it is
antecedent to it; when it follows in the same syllable it is
consequent to it.

60. What ts syllabication ?
Dividing words into syllables.

61. What ts the guide for arranging words into syllables?

They must be arranged exactly as they are heard in
correct pronunciation.

62. How may a word be divided at the end of a line?
Between the syllables.

63. Why are words divided into syllables?
To assist in their pronunciation.
64. When ts the hyphen used?

Between compound words when first formed or when

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 2%

little used; between syllables and the ends of lines; and
between syllables for the purpose of instruction.

65. When two vowels come together, how are they disposed
of in syllabication?

Unless they constitute a diphthong they must be treated
as two syllables, or they may be used together with one
vowel silent.

66. When ts one letter a substitute for another?

When it has the sound usually represented by another
letter.

67. What properties does a substituted letter assume?

Those of the letter which it represents.

68. Which letters have no substitutes ?
Bag, hy 1, tM, 0, py %, th and wh,

69. When ts i a consonant?

When it begins a syllable and is immediately followed
by a vowel sound; as in a/zen.

70. Ls u ever a consonant?

‘When it is preceded by g or s, and immediately followed
by a vowel sound, it is a consonant and a substitute for w;
as in /anguage.

71. When isqa vowel? Js wever a vowel?

When it represents the sound of 7 Formerly w was
called a vowel when it represented the sound of w, but as
it cannot form a syllable either alone or in connection
with consonants, as all the other vowels do, it is proper to
deny it the name of a vowel.

72. What is the use of silent letters?

‘To modify the sounds of other letters.

73. Which letters are never silent?

Ly) 9, 1% XU; 4

272 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

74. Which letters have no sound of their own?
CG) x and ‘Vg.

RULES FOR SILENT LETTERS.

75. When ts e final silent?

When another vowel precedes it in the same syllable; as
in made, grape, ice, bride.

76. What would be the result ife final were not silent?

Two syllables would be formed for one.

77. When is b silent?

Before ¢ or after m in the same syllable; as in comé,
tomb, debt, subtle.

78. When ts c silent?

Before & in the same syllable; as in dack, rack, luck. It
is also silent in czar, indict, muscle, victuals, and a few
others.

79. When is a silent?

Before g in the same syllable; as in d77dge, pledge.

80. When is g silent?

Before m or 7 in the same syllable; as in phlegm, gnat,
malign, design.

81. When ish silent?

After g or vin the same syllable; as in ghost, rhyme, rheu-
matism; when it is final, following a vowel, as in of, ah,
Jehovah; when it is initial in a few words, as in ferd, heir,
honest, hour; and in asthma, phthisis, isthmus, Thomas,
Thames, it follows ¢ and is silent.

82. When is k silent?

Before z in the same syllable; as in knzfe, knee.

83. When is \ silent?
After @ when followed by 4, m, & or vz, in the same

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 273

syllable (except valve); as in folks, half, palm, stalk, salve.
L is silent also in could, would and should.

84. When isn silent?

After Zand m; as in &i/n, solemn.

85. When ts p silent?

When it is initial and before 7, s, or ¢; as in psalm,
pneumonia, psalter.

86. When ts t silent?

Before ch in the same syllable; as in notch, latch. It is
silent also in Christmas, eclat, mortgage, and a few other
words.

87. When ts w silent?

Before 7 in the same syllable; asin wrap and wreck; and
also in whole, sword, whoop, answer and two.

88. When is gh silent?

After z in the same syllable; as in /vigh¢ and neigh. After
au and ou; as in aught, ought, bought, slaughter and through.

89. Jn what words is ch silent?

In yacht, schism and drachm.

go. Jn what words ts § silent?

In corps, isle, island, puisne, viscount and belles-lettres.

gt. /s m ever silent?

In the word mnemonic or Mnemon.

92. Ln how many ways are words designated?

First, as simple or compound; second, as primitive or
derivative.

93- What is a simple word? What is a compound word?

One that is not composed of two or more whole words;
a compound word is composed of two or more simple ones.

94. What is a primitive word?

One that is derived from no other word.

274 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

95. What is a derivative word?

One formed from a primitive by means of prefixes or
suffixes.

96. What is a prefix? Whatis a suffix? Whatts a root?

A prefix is a letter or letters joined to the beginning of
a word; at the end of a word the addition is called a
suffix; the root is the chief word without prefix or suffix.

97. Under what circumstances is a word primitive which
ts formed by the addition of prefixes or suffixes?

Whenever the meaning of the word is radically changed
by the addition of prefixes or suffixes; as in 7eproof, in
which the meaning of neither 7¢ or fvoo/ is retained.

In forming derivatives by means of suffixes, something
more is required than merely to write the parts together
as one word. ‘Thus, if we desire to affix the suffix ed to
the word suffer, we have only to unite, without change, the
suffix with the radical, making suffered, But with the
word prefer, a change must be made by doubling the final
vr; thus preferred. ‘This and other like changes are made,
for the most part, in strict accordance with known rules.
These rules should be committed to memory by repeated
illustrations in order to understand when and how to apply
them.

98. Give the general rules for spelling.

RULES FOR SPELLING.

Rute I.—The final e of a.radical word is rejected
when the suffix begins with a vowel, except words ending
in cé or ge; as, moving, salable, pleasure, peaceable, coura-
geous.

Rute II. — The final e of a radical word is generally re-
tained when the suffix begins with a consonant; as, hope-
less, movement. In abridge, acknowledge, argue, awe,
due, judge, lodge, true and whole, silent ¢ is not retained.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 276

Rue III. — Monosyllables and words accented on the
last syllable, when they end with a single consonant pre-
ceded by a single vowel, double their final consonants
before a suffix that begins with a vowel; as, baggage,
spotted, beginner.

Rute IV. — The final consonant, when not preceded by
a single vowel, or when the word is not accented on the
last syllable, remains single upon the addition of a suffix;
as, spoiling, suffered, toiling, visiting.

Rute V. — The final y of a radical word, when preceded
by a consonant, is generally changed into 7 upon the addi-
tion of a suffix; as happzness, trzal, storzed. In a few
instances y is changed into e before ows and its com-
pounds; as, beauteous, beauteously.

Rute VI.— The final z of a radical word is omitted
when the suffix begins with 7; as, alkalz, alkalize.

Rute VII. — The final y of a radical word when pre-
ceded by a vowel, or when the suffix begins with z, remains
unchanged; as, buyer, glorying.

Rute VIII.— Words ending in / or fe commonly
change / into v when a suffix is added beginning with a
vowel; as, wives, mischievous.

RuLe IX.— Words ending in /, preceded by a con-
sonant, drop these letters on receiving the suffix /y, as,
ably, idly.

RuLe X.— Words ending in d/e, before the suffixes z¢y
and ities, take 7 between the letters 4 and /; as, ability,
abzlities.

Rute XI. — Words ending in er or or often drop the e
or o before a suffix beginning with a vowel; as, victrix,
wondrous.

RuLE XII.— Monosyllables ending in f, 7 or s, pre-
ceded by a single vowel, double the final consonant; as
staff, spell, mill — except 2/, of, as, gas, has, was, yes, is, his,
this, us, thus.

Rute XIII. — Words ending in any other consonants

276 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

than f, Zor s do not double the final letter — except aad,
odd, ebb, egg, inn, err, purr, butt, buzz, fuzz.
The following is a list of prefixes, with their significa-
tions:
A signifies on, in, at, to; as, abroad, abed, avert.
AB signifies from; as, absolve, to free from.
AD, AC, AF, AG, AL, AN, AP, AR, AT, signify to; as —
Adjoin, to join to;
Accredit, to give credit to;
Affix, to fix to;
Agglutinate, sticking to;
Allure, entice to;
Annex, join to;
Append, hang to;
Arrange, range to;
Attune, tune to.
ALL, AL, WHOLLY; as —
All just, wholly just.
Already, wholly, or completely ready.
A//, when not separated from the radical by a hyphen,
rejects one /.
ANTI, ANT, signify against; as —
Antipathy, a feeling against.
Antarctic, opposite to the arctic.
ANTE Signifies before; as, antecedent, going before.
BE Signifies near; as, beside, near, or by the side of.
BI signifies two; as, bifold, twofold.
CIRCUM signifies around; as, circumnavigate, to sail
around.
CON, COM, CO, COL, CoR, signify with; as —
Conjoin, to join with;
Commix, to mix with;
Coequal, equal with;
Collect, to place with or together;
Correlative, relating with.
CONTRA, COUNTER, signify opposite; as —

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY.

to
“I
sr

Contradance, a dance opposite;
Counterview, a view opposite.
DE signifies from; as, depart, to part from.
DEMI signifies half; as, demi-wolf, half-wolf.
DIA signifies through; as, diameter, the measure through.
DI, DIS, signify two; as —
Ditone, an interval of two tones;
Dissyllable, a word of two syllables;
pis also signifies not or un; as, dissimilar, not similar,
disband, unband.
E, EX, EC, EF, signify out; as —
Emigrate, to move out;
Export, to carry out of port;
Eccentric, out of, or deviating from the centre;
Effluent, flowing out.
EXTRA Signifies beyond; as, extravagant, going beyond.
EQUI signifies equal; as, equidistant, at an equal dis-
tance.
EN, EM, signify in; as —
Enclose, to close in;
Embroil, to put in a broil or tumult.
EU signifies well or agreeable; as, euphony, agreeable
sound.
HEX signifies six; as, hexangular, six angles.
HYPER Signifies over; as, hypercritical, over-critical.
IN, IM, IG, IL, IR, signify not or in; as —
Incomplete, not complete;
Imprudent, not prudent;
Illegible, that can not be read;
Ignoble, not noble;
Irregular, not regular.
INTRO signifies within; as, introspection, looking within.
INTER signifies between; as, intervene, to come between.
JUXTA signifies next; as, juxtaposition, the place next.
MAL signifies bad; as, malpractice, bad practice.
MIS signifies wrong; as, misguide, to guide wrong.

278 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

MONO signifies one; as monosyllable, one syllable.
MULTI signifies many; as, multiform, having many forms.
NON signifies not; as, non-essential, not essential.
ocT signifies eight; as, octangular, eight-angled.
OMNI signifies all; as, omnipotent, all-powerful.
ouT signifies beyond; as, outrun, to run beyond.
OVER Signifies above; as, overshoot, to shoot over.
OVI signifies an egg; as, oviform, egg-shaped.
PER Signifies by; as, perchance, by chance.
PERI Signifies around; as, perimeter, the measure around.
PAR, PARA, signify from; as —
Parody, an ode or song which is an alteration from
another;
Parasol, a small canopy to shield from the sun,
PEN signifies almost; as, peninsula, almost an island.
PLENI signifies full; as plenipotent, full of power.
POLY signifies many; as, polysyllabic, having many syl-
lables.
POST signifies after; as, postpone, to place after or put
off.
PRE signifies before; as, prejudge, to judge beforehand.
PRETER Signifies beyond; as, preternatural, beyond the
natural.
PRO Signifies for; as, pronoun, for a noun.
PROTO Signifies first; as, protomartyr, the first martyr.
QUAD signifies four; as, quadrangle, four-angled.
RE Signifies again; as, review, to view again.
RECT, RECTI, signify right or straight, as —
Rectangle, right angle;
Rectilinear, straight-lined.
RETRO Signifies back; as, retrograde, to go backwards.
SEMI, DEMI, HEMI, signify half; as —
Semicircle, half a circle;
Demitone, half a tone;
Hemisphere, half a sphere.
STEREO signifies solid; as, stereotype, solid type.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 279

SUB, SUC, SUF, SUG, SUP, SUBTER, signify under; as —
Subcommittee, under committee;
Succeed, to follow after;
Suffix, to fix after;
Suggest, to put under notice;
Suppress, to press under;
Subterfluous, flowing under.
SUPER, SUR, signify Over or more; as —
Superhuman, more than human;
Surcharge, overcharge.
SUS signifies up; as, sustain, to hold up.
SE signifies apart; as, secede, to go apart.
SINE signifies without; as, sine die, without a day.
SYM signifies with; as, sympathy, with feeling.
TRANS Signifies across; as, transatlantic, across the At-
lantic.
ULTRA signifies beyond; as, ultramontane, beyond the
mountains.
UN signifies not; as, unwise, not wise,
WITH signifies against; as, withstand, to stand against.
The following table contains the simple suffixes with
their definitions, and words to illustrate them. For want
of space a full analysis of the words cannot be given, but
the student can supply the want by giving a complete
definition of the suffixes and primitive words combined.
(a) ze, tize, 2e, tse, Se, ish, fy, ify, en, e, ate, tate, uate, cate,
icate, ite, signify to make, to give, to put upon or into; as
civilize, stigmatize, glaze, criticise, cleanse, establish, satisfy,
justify, soften, breathe, maturate, ampliate, actuate, impli-
cate, duplicate, unite.
(2) Ing, ant, ent, ient, signify continuing; as, watering,
dormant, pendent, sufficient.
(c) Ed signifies did; as, preferred, did prefer.
(2) Ale, tte, en, signify made, made of or like, possessed
of; as, globate, erudite, silken.
(e) Ant, ent, ate, tte, ast, ist, ado, ard, on, oso, ar, ary, tary,

BSc COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

er, €e, eer, ter, or, tue, ster, ner, yer, Zen, tsan, an, tan, tain,
signify one, who, a person; as, servant, president, collegiate,
favorite, encomiast, botanist, desperado, dotard, glutton,
virtuoso, beggar, adversary, incendiary, payer, payee, chari-
oteer, Cannonier, executor, executive, teamster, partner,
lawyer, citizen, artisan, veteran, grammarian, chieftain.

(/) Lss, ix, ine, ago, signify a female; as, lioness, medi-
atrix, heroine, virago.

(g) /ty, ety, ty, cy, ce, ice, ude, tude, itude, ness, 1, th, mony,
signify the quality or state of being, the thing which or
that which; as, publicity, variety, novelty, privacy, opu-
lence, justice, quietude, plentitude, exactitude, meekness,
restraint, truth, sanctimony.

(2) Lon, ment, ament, iment, ure, ture, ature, iture, al, ade,
signify the act of; that which; as, erection, ejectment,
armament, impediment, pressure, mixture, signature, ex-
penditure, refusal, cannonade.

(7) Ad, eal, tal, ual, ern, urn, tac, tc, tic, atic, etic, id, an,
ean, tan, ane, ine, ile, eth, th, ar, ary, tary, uary, signify per-
taining, belonging, or relating to; as, central, corporeal,
dictatorial, habitual, southern, taciturn, demoniac, patriotic,
dyspeptic, emblematic, dietetic, stupid, Roman, marmo-
rean, Newtonian, mundane, crystalline, infantile, fortieth,
tenth, columnar, missionary, stipendiary, sumptuary.

(/) Ose, ous, cous, tous, WoUs, CCOUS, ACCOUS, ANCOUS, ONEOUS,
itious, ful, ey, y, signify full of, abounding in, having the
nature or quality of; as, verbose, mountainous, righteous,
robustious, tempestuous, cetaceous, lardaceous, instanta-
neous, erroneous, cementitious, hopeful, clayey, juicy.

(2) Kin, ling, ule, cule, cle, icle, ock, et, let, aster, signify
little, small, minute, slight, petty; as, lambkin, kingling,
globule, animalcule, tubercle, particle, hillock, feveret,
ringlet, poetaster.

(7) “cs signifies the doctrine, art or science of; as, optics.

(m) sm signifies that which is peculiar to; a doctrine;
a state, or condition; as, savagism, Calvinism.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 281

(x) Hr signifies more; as, wiser, more wise.

(0) Est signifies most; as, wisest, most wise.

(fp) Dom, ric, ate, hood, ship, age, cy, ry, signify the state,
rank, office of, or the territory of jurisdiction of; as, Pope-
dom, bishopric, electorate, childhood, township, peerage,
captaincy, chieftainry.

(7) Y, 7%, ary, ery, ory, signify the art, practice, or busi-
ness of, or the place where; as gluttony, bigotry, statuary,
cookery, armory.

99. After ascertaining the syllabication of a word, what is
to be observed?

The location of the accent.

100. When two accents occur in the same word, which
usually precedes the other?

The secondary nearly always precedes the primary.

1o1. Do words ever have more than two accents ?

Some very long words have two secondary accents.

102. Whatts the rule for accent of a word of two syllables?

With the exception of amen, they never have more than
one accent.

103. What is the rule with compound words?

Each part retains its own accent, the same as two dis-

tinct words.

104. What is the rule where words change their parts of
speech from verbs to nouns or adjectives ?

When used as verbs the accent is usually on the last
syllable, but when used as nouns or adjectives, on the first
syllable.

105. Where is the accent when words end in sion or tion?

The accent is on the penult, or syllable next to the
last.

282 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

106. Words ending in ical or acal place the accent on what
syllable?

Generally on the syllable next preceding this termina-
tion.

107. What is a final letter?

The last in a word.

108. What is the power of a letter?

The elementary sound which it represents.

109. What does the difference of accent sometimes do?

It changes the meaning of the word; as, Au’gus/, the
eighth month; august’, grand, majestic.

110. Mame the kinds of spelling.

There are three kinds: phonic, oral and written.

111. What ts phonetic spelling?

Spelling by sound.

EXERCISES IN ABBREVIATIONS USED IN WRITING.

Write out in full: Abbreviate:
A Ass In the year of our Lord.
G:C. B. Member of Congress.
CoP. S: Before Christ.
Nom. No. Keeper of the Seal.
LES: Justice of the Peace.
A. B..0r, B.A. House of Representatives.
Col. -Coll:. As if he would say.
Min. Plen. Blessed Virgin.
Nis. (Ne oH: In the same place.
©. EOE. No one dissenting.
Or- Ot: Which was to be demonstrated.
Rt. Rev. A sufficient quantity.
San ik Re For the time being.

SEC. = es. Doctor of Divinity.

ORTHOGRAPHY, ORTHOEPY AND PHONOLOGY. 283

Write out in full:

Webs: VS
Nov. N.S:
Do. or Ditto.
NSB. EM. Di
AWect.” At :B:S:
Be je Gig.
Us a Mit.

Ca SAL* JY di
S..Be<N. W.
Zool. Pwt.
INP ae NS Ve
Pihe-Ind:

A. M. Md.
M. P. Neb.
Co. Am.
Com. Feb.
Wm. Wt.
Wis) Vit.
Oro. “Oct:
PO.” Pop.
Wi SxAw Wiz:
Pi pp: Oz.
Va. V. Wed.

N. E.. Ky. Kans.

Febsa- Hahn ‘Call

GB oN... Neh.

Tim. Sp. Sam.

Rep. “Rev. °S.
La. lbs. Fem.
ld. “."e:. «Gen.

Mt. N. A. Miss.
Hhd. Hist. Gov.
Ebdict: + (Ce ODE.

Abbreviate:

Superintendent.

New Testament.

A hundred-weight.
District of Columbia.
Bachelor of Divinity.
And so forth.

See; refer to.

United States Navy.
The last, or last month.
West Indies.

By the hundred.
Attorney.

Unknown.
Manuscripts.

Doctor of Laws.

Love of learning.

Right Honorable.

Old Testament.

To-wit; namely.
Postmaster; afternoon.
Take notice.

Rhode Island.
Parliament.
Gentlemen; Sirs.
Fellow of the Royal Society.
Professor; President,
Texas; Territory.
Postscript; Regiment.
Mademoiselle; Major.
Italy; Hundred; Dozen.
Fellow of the Society of Arts.
Assistant; Junior.
Cash on delivery.
Thursday; Schooner.

284 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Write out in full;

ato, “LL. De Sve:
pai oC, W:
Inst." Int... ‘Lo:
Dist... -DictsiyCye:
Long. L. Lat.

Minn. Mad. Mase.

Gent. Fur. Pt.
jam. Inter.:; Dr:
Cony.) Avtar Al
EK Deut... Dea.
Hon. Gr. (ULES:
Cor. Adj: Anon.
Gapt.- Chron. -C.
N. Myth. Mo.

Abbreviate:

Volume; Philadelphia.
Geology; Louisiana.

Place of the Seal.

Meridian; Thousand.
Legislature; Lieutenant.
Long Island; Matthew.
Executor; Barrel; Adverb.
Mistress; Servant; Democrat.
Alderman; Amount; Editor.
Esquire; Geometry; History.
Constable; Constitution.
Chapter; Capitals; Avenue.
Mexico; Michigan; Minnesota.
Memorandum; Maine.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC.

1. What ts mathematics?

The science of quantity.

2. What ts quantity?

Anything that can be increased, diminished or measured.

3. Define arithmetic as a science and as an att.

As a science, it logically investigates and philosophically
classifies and arranges the principles and rules of the sub-
ject; as an art, it applies these principles.

4. Upon what is arithmetic founded, and how are its oper-
ations carried on?

. . . . s .

It is founded on notation, and its operations are carried
on by means of addition, subtraction, multiplication and
division.

5. What is arithmetical language?

The method of expressing numbers. It is of two kinds,
oral and written.

6. Whatis a unitt

One, or a single thing.

7. What is anumber? The power ofanumber? Aroott

A number is a unit, or a collection of units. The power
285

286 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

of a number is the product produced by repeating a num-
ber so many times as a factor. A root is a factor repeated
to produce power.

8. What ts an integer?

A whole number.

9. What is the difference between an abstract number and
@ concrete number?

An abstract number is one used without reference to
any particular thing. A concrete number is one that has
reference to a particular thing.

10. Whats a sign?

A sign is a character indicating an operation to be per-

formed.

11. What is the sign of aggregation?

The sign of aggregation is a parenthesis, or bar, which
shows that the numbers enclosed by it are to be considered
together, subject to the same operation.

12. Whatis arule? A problem? An axiom?

A rule is a prescribed method of performing an opera-
tion. A problem is a question or proposition to be solved.
An axiom is any truth which is self-evident.

13, What is analysis in arithmetic?

The process of investigating principles, and solving prob-
lems, independently of set rules.

14. What ts notation?

Notation is a method of writing or expressing numbers
by characters.

15. Whatts numeration ?

Numeration is a method of reading numbers expressed
by characters.

16. How many systems of notation are in general use?
Two: the Roman and the Arabic.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 287

17. Upon what ts the Roman notation founded?

Upon five principles: first, repeating a letter repeats its
value; second, if a letter of any value is placed after one
of greater value, it is added to the greater; third, if a letter
of any value is placed before a greater, it is to be taken
from the greater; fourth, if a letter of any value is placed
between letters of higher value, it is to be taken from their
united values; fifth, if a bar or dash is placed over a letter,
it increases its value a thousandfold.

18. Jn how many ways may numbers be written?

In words, letters, and figures.

19. ln the Arabic system of notation numbers are expressed
according to what principle?

According to the positions of the nine characters.

20. Why is the Arabic system of notation also called the
decimal system ?

Because of its increase and decrease in a tenfold ratio,
from decem, a Latin word meaning ten.

21. What ts the difference between the simple and local
value of a figure?

The simple value of a figure is its value when taken
alone, while the local value depends upon the place it oc-
cupies with other figures.

22. Whatis the fundamental synthetic process of arithmetic?

Addition, for by it we pass from unity to plurality; from
the one to the many.

23. Give the principles of addition.

Only similar numbers can be added. ‘The sum is a num-
ber similar to the numbers added. ‘The sum is the same
in whatever order the numbers are added.

24. What are the cases in, or modes of addition?

Mental addition and written addition.

288 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

25. Why do we write the numbers as suggested by the arith-
methics, and why do we begin at the right hand to add?

Merely for convenience.
26. What is the fundamental analytical process of arith-
metic?

Subtraction.

27. Give the principles of subtraction?

Similar numbers, only, can be subtracted. The differ-
ence is a number similar to the numbers subtracted. If
the two numbers are equally increased or diminished the re-
mainder will be the same. If the first number is equal to the
sum of the second and the remainder, then the second must
equal the difference between the first and the remainder.

28. Name and define the cases in subtraction ?

One is expressed in the Arabic system, the other by some
mental calculation.

29. ame the principles of multiplication.

The multiplier is always an abstract number. The
product of two numbers is the same, whichever is made the
multiplier. If the multiplicand be multiplied by all of the
parts of the multiplier, the sum of all the partial products
will be the true product. The multiplicand equals the quo-
tient of the product divided by the multiplier; the multi-
plier equals the quotient of the product divided by the
multiplicand.

30. Why are the multiplicand and multiplier taken together
called factors?

Because they make the product.

31. What are the terms of division?

The dividend, divisor and quotient.

32. Upon what does the quotient depend?

Upon both dividend and divisor.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 289

33. Show how the value of the quotient depends on the re-
lation of dividend and divisor.

If one of these terms is changed it changes the quotient,
but if both are changed alike the changes neutralize each
other and the quotient remains the same.

34. What principles of division are deduced from these re-
lations?

Multiplying the dividend or dividing the divisor by any
number multiplies the quotient by that number. Dividing
the dividend or multiplying the divisor by any number
divides the quotient by that number. Multiplying or divid-
ing both dividend and divisor by the same number does
not change the quotient.

35- Ln division, what relation exists in regard to the
guality of abstractness and concreteness?

The quotient may be either abstract or concrete. It
will be abstract when the dividend and divisor are both
abstract, or both concrete. It will be concrete when the
dividend is concrete and the divisor abstract. Either the
divisor or quotient must always be an abstract number.
An abstract number cannot be divided by a concrete
number.

36. How are numbers classified?

As even and odd; prime and composite; integral and
fractional; abstract and concrete; simple and compound;
like and unlike.

37. What are the minuend and subtrahend?

The minuend is the number subtracted from; the subtra-
hend is the number subtracted.

38. Whatis a composite number?

One that can be produced by multiplying two or more
numbers together.

290 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

39. What ts factoring?
The process of separating numbers into factors.

40. What are the component factors of a number?

The several numbers which, being multiplied together,
produce the number.

4t. What are the powers of a number?

The first power is the number itself, or the root. The
second power, or square, is the number multiplied by itself.
The third power, or cube, is the product arising from using
the number three times as a factor.

42. What tis the reciprocal of a number?
It is 1 divided by that number.

43. How do we find the true remainder by dividing by
factors?

Multiply each partial remainder, except the first, by all
the preceding divisors, and add these products to the first
remainder. It will be noticed that after the first division
the remainder cannot be of the same denomination as the
first number divided; and as each succeeding division in-
creases the value of the remainders, each remainder must
be multiplied by all the preceding divisors to reduce it to
its former denomination.

44. What is a prime number? When are numbers prime
to each other?

One which cannot be resolved into factors. Numbers
are prime to each other when they have no common
divisor.

45. What are a common divisor, and the greatest common
divisor?

One which will divide two or more numbers without a
remainder. The greatest common divisor is the greatest

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 291

number that will divide two or more numbers without a
remainder.

46. What are a multiple, a common multiple, and the least
common multiple ?

A multiple is a number exactly divisible by a given
number. A common multiple is one exactly divisible by
two or more numbers. ‘The least common multiple is the
least number that is exactly divisible by two or more given
numbers.

47. What are fractions?
Parts of a unit.

48. What ts the value of a fraction?

The quotient of the numerator divided by the denomi-
nator.

49. What do the numerator and the denominator respect-
zvely show?

The denominator shows into how many parts a number
is divided; the numerator shows how many parts are
taken.

50. What are a proper fraction, an improper fraction, a
mixed fraction and a complex fraction ?

A proper fraction is one whose numerator is smaller
than its denominator. An improper fraction is one whose
numerator is equal to or greater than its denominator.’ A
mixed number is one expressed by an integer and fraction
written together. A complex fraction is one that has a
fraction in its numerator, or in its denominator, or in
both.

sit. Ls a fraction a number?

A fraction is a number of equal parts of unity, and
consequently must represent a subdivision of numbers;
thus, 5 feet is a number, and the fraction ,°, of a foot
represents equal numbers of a lower order, as 5 inches.

292 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

52. Ls a fraction a denominate number?
No.

53. Why do we invert the divisor in division of fractions?

For convenience; if it is not inverted the fractions must

be reduced to a common denominator, and one numerator
divided by the other.

54. How do we find the greatest common divisor of frac-
tions ?

We find the greatest common divisor of the given
numerators, and the least common multiple of the denom-
inators.

55. How do we find the least common multiple of frac-
tions ?

By finding the least common multiple of the numerators,
and the greatest common divisor of the denominators.

56. What are decimal fractions?

Fractions whose denominators are increased or de-
creased in tenfold ratio.

57- What ts the first thing to be considered in the treatment
of decimals?

The method of reading and writing them, or their
numeration and notation.

58. What will the denominator of a decimal always be?

The unit 1 with as many ciphers annexed as are equal
to the number of figures in the decimal or numerator.

59. Upon what does the value of a decimal depend?

Its distance from the decimal point.

60. How do decimals increase and decrease?

They increase from right to left, and decrease from left
to right, in a tenfold ratio.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 293

61. What is a pure decimal?

A pure decimal consists of a decimal only; for example,
-35, which is read, as if written, ,3,5,.

62. What ts a mixed decimal?

One with an integer and a decimal; thus, 15.7.

63. What is a complex decimal?

One with a fraction annexed; thus, .0053.

64. rom what are the names of decimal orders derived?

From the names of the orders of integers.

65. How can we find the product of two decimals by a con-
tracted multiplication ?

Write the multiplier with the order of its figures re-
versed, and with units’ place under that figure of the
multiplicand which is the lowest decimal to be retained in
the product. Find the product of each figure of the
multiplier by the one above in the multiplicand and those
to the left, increasing this multiplication by as many units
as would have been carried had the rejected part of the
multiplicand been used. Write these partial products
with the lowest figure in the same column and add
together, pointing off the required number of decimal
figures.

66. How can we find the quotient of one decimal divided by
another by a contracted division?

Compare the left hand figure of the divisor with the
units of like order in the dividend, and determine how
many figures will be required in the quotient. For the
first contracted divisor, take as many figures from the left
of the divisor as there are places required in the quotient,
and in each following division reject one place from the
right of the last preceding divisor, using the remainder for
a new dividend.

294 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

67. What ts a circulating decimal?

A decimal in which a figure or set of figures are con-
tinually repeating.

68. What is a repetend?

The figure or set of figures continually repeated.

69. What is a continued Sraction?

A fraction whose numerator is 1, and whose denomina-
tor is a whole number, plus a fraction whose numerator is
also 1, and whose denominator is a similar fraction, etc.

70. What ts the difference between decimal fractions and
common fractions ?

The decimal fraction has a denominator understood,
showing that a unit is divided into ten equal parts, or
subdivided in a tenfold ratio; the second has a denomina-
tor expressed, showing that a unit is divided into any
number of equal parts.

71. What is currency?

The medium of circulation.

72. From what was the sign $ derived?

From the initial letters of the Umzted States, U.S. joined
together as a monogram.

73. What is an aliquot part of a number?

Such a part as will exactly divide that number.

74. What ts a bill?

A written statement of articles bought or sold, together
with the price of each and the whole cost.

75. What is a compound number?

A concrete number, whose value is expressed in two or
more different denominations,

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC, 295

76. What ts a denominate number?

A concrete number in which the unit of measure is
established by law or custom.

77. Whatis a simple denominate number?
A denominate number composed of units of the same
P
denomination; as, 3 feet.
78. What ts a compound denominate number?

One composed of two or more denominations which are
related to each other; as, 3 feet 4 inches.

79. What is a standard unit?

A unit of measure from which the other units of the
same kind may be derived.

80. Mame the quantities of magnitude which give rise to
denominate numbers?

They are value, weight, length, surface, volume, ca-
pacity, angles, time.

81. What ts the standard unit of value?

Money is the standard measure of value, and in the
United States the standard unit is the dollar. In English
money the pound sterling is the unit.

82. What is the standard unit of weight?

The Troy pound.

83. What ts the standard unit of length?
The yard.
84. What ts the standard unit of surface?

The square yard for ordinary measurement, and the
acre for land.
85. What is the standard unit of volume?

The cubic yard for ordinary measurement, and the cord
for wood.

296 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

86. What is the standard unit of capacity?

The gallon for fluids, and the bushel for dry measure.

87. What ts the standard unit of angles?

The right angle.

88. What ts the standard unit of time?

The day. This is determined by the revolution of the
earth.

89. What is a measure?

That by which extent, dimension, capacity, or amount
is ascertained. Measures are of eight kinds: length,
surface or area, solidity, weight, time, angles, capacity and
money.

go. How many dimensions has extension?

Extension has three: length, breadth, and thickness.

gt. Explain how distance is measured by time?

Every circle is supposed to be divided into 360 equal
parts called degrees. As the earth makes its revolution
once in 24 hours, the 24 hours must equal 360°, or 1
hour, 15° of distance. By subdividing, we find that 1°
would equal 4 minutes, and ,!, of a degree would equal
4 seconds.

92. How do you find the difference in time corresponding to
any given difference in longitude?

Divide the difference in longitude, expressed in degrees,
minutes and seconds, by 15, and the respective quotients
will be hours, minutes, and seconds.

93. How do you find the difference in longitude corresponda-
ing to any given difference in time?

Multiply the difference in time, expressed in hours,
minutes and seconds, by 15, and its respective products
will be degrees, minutes and seconds of longitude.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 297

94. How do you find the time at one place, when the time
at another place and the difference of these places in time are
known ?

When the second place is east of the first, add their
difference of time; when it is west of the first, subtract
their difference of time.

95. Mow do navigators determine their longitude at sea?

Taking with them a chronometer set to mark the time at
a given place —as Greenwich or Washington — they ascer-
tain by observation of the sun with the sextant the time at
the place they are in, reduce the difference of time to the
difference of longitude, and thus ascertain that they are so
many degrees east or west of the meridian of the place for
which the chronometer is set.

96. What ts a scale?

A series of numbers, descending or ascending, used in
operations upon compound numbers.

97- What is weight?

A measure of the quantity of matter a body contains,
according to some fixed standard.

98. Describe Gunter’s chain.

It consists of 100 links, each link containing 7.92
inches, or the whole length 66 feet, or 4 rods.

99. What ts the difference between a pound Troy and a
pound avoirdupots ?

The Troy pound has 5,760 grains: the avoirdupois, 7,000,

100. What ts linear measure?

That which is used in measuring lines or distances.

101. What are a square, and a cube?

A square is a superficial figure having four equal sides
and four equal angles; a cube is a solid figure having six
equal sides.

298 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

102. How many inches in a wine gallon, in a beer gallon,
and in a bushel?

In a wine gallon, 231 cubic inches; in a beer gallon, 282;
in a bushel, 2,150.4 cubic inches.

103. What are duodecimals?

The division and subdivision of a unit, resulting by
continually dividing by 12.

104. What its percentage? What ts its base?

Such part of a number as is represented by the per cent.
Its base is the number on which the percentage is reckoned.

105. What do the words per cent. mean?
By the hundred.

106. Mame and define the elements involved in percentage?

The elements are: the base, or number of which the
per cent. is taken; the rate, or number of hundredths taken;
the percentage, or quantity taken; the amount, or sum of
the base and the percentage; and the difference, or base
less the percentage.

107. What is the difference between rate and rate per cent?

The rate is the number of hundredths, and the rate per
cent. is the fraction which denotes how many hundredths
are taken. Thus, in 3%, or zy, 3 is the rate and 3,
the rate per cent.

108. Give the applications of percentage.

The rules of percentage are applied to the computing of
interest, discount, commission, taxes, insurance, duties, and
especially profit and loss.

109. Whatis commission? What ts brokerage?

The percentage allowed an agent, factor or commission
merchant, is commission. Brokerage is the fee paid toa
dealer in money, stocks, etc., for the transaction of
business.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 299

110. Whatis a commission merchant?

An agent who buys and sells goods for another on
commission.

111. What are a consignee, and a consignor?

A person who receives goods to sell for another is a
consignee; a consignor is a person who sends goods to
another to be sold.

112. Whatis a company? What is a corporation?

A company is a group of individuals united for the pur-
pose of performing some business or undertaking. A
corporation is a company formed and authorized by law to
act as one person.

113. What is a share of stock, and what is a stockholder?

Stock is the amount of capital invested, and a share is
one of the equal parts into which capital stock is divided.
A stockholder is the owner of stock.

114. What is the difference between a charter and a firm?

A charter defines the powers of an incorporated body,
while firm is the name under which an unincorporated
body transacts business.

115. What is stock at par?

Stock is at par when it sells for its face value; it is said
to be above par when it sells for more, and below par
when it sells for less.

116. What is profit and loss?

A commercial term, used to express the gain or loss in
business transactions.

117. How do we find the loss or gain per cent. when the
cost and selling price are given?

Divide the gain or loss by the purchase price.

300 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

118. How do we find the selling price when the cost and
gain or loss per cent. are given?

Multiply the purchase price by ¢1, increased or dimin-
ished, as the case may be, by the gain or loss per cent.

119. How do we find the cost when the selling price and
the gain or loss per cent. are given?

Divide the selling price by $1, increased or diminished,
as the case may be, by the gain or loss per cent.

120. What its aninstalment? An assessment? A dividend?

An instalment .is an advance payment required of the
stockholders on their subscriptions to the capital stock.
An assessment is a sum required of the stockholders to
meet the losses of the business expenses of the company.
A dividend is a sum paid to the stockholders from the
profits of the business.

121. What ts insurance? A policy? A premium?

Insurance is security on property guaranteed by one
party to another for a stipulated sum, against the loss of
property by any casualty. A policy is a written contract
between the parties. A premium is the sum periodically
paid for insurance.

122. Define an underwriter.

An underwriter is an insurer—the person who takes the
risk.

123. Vame the kinds of insurance?

There are six different kinds of insurance: Fire insur-
ance, Marine insurance, Cyclone insurance, Accident
insurance, Health insurance, Life insurance.

124. Whatisatax? A poll tax? An assessor?

A tax is a money payment assessed on the person or
on property ofthe individual for public purposes. A poll tax
is a head-tax—a sum required of each male citizen liable to

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 301

taxation, without regard to his property. An assessor is
the person appointed to prepare the assessment-roll and
apportion the taxes.

125. What is an inventory?

A written list of articles of property, with their values.

126. What are general average and jetsam?

General average is a method of ascertaining the loss to
be sustained by the proprietors of ships, freight and cargo
respectively where a part of the property has been sacri-
ficed or damaged for the common safety. Jetsam is the
part of the goods thrown overboard.

127. What are duties or customs, and what is a custom-
house?

Duties or customs are taxes levied on imported goods.
A custom-house is an office established by the government
for the transaction of business relating to duties.

128. What is smuggling?

Carrying on foreign commerce secretly, without paying
the duties imposed by law.

129. How many kinds of duties are there? Define them.

There are two kinds of duties: ad valorem and specific.
An ad valorem duty is the sum computed on the cost of
the goods in the country from which they were imported.
A specific duty is a sum computed on the weight or meas-
ure of the goods, without regard to their cost.

130. What is interest, and what is usury?

A sum paid for the use of money. Usury is interest
above the legal rate.

131. What is a custom tariff?

A list of the rates of duties to be collected.

f
°

302 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

132. What is the difference between simple and compound
interest?

Simple interest is the interest on the principal only;
compound interest is the interest on the principal and the
previous interest added.

133. Zhe time, rate per cent. and interest being given, how
do we find the principal?

Divide the given interest by the interest on ¢1 for the
given time at the given rate.

134. Lhe time, rate per cent. and amount being given, how
do we find the principal?

Divide the given amount by the amount of ¢1 for the
given time at the given rate.

135. Lhe principal, time and interest being given, how do
we find the rate per cent. t

Divide the given interest by the interest on the principal
at 1 per cent. for the time.

136. Zhe principal, interest, and rate per cent. being given,
how do we find the time?

Divide the given interest by the interest on the princi-
pal for one year at the rate per cent.

137. What is a partial payment? An indorsement?

Partial payment of a note, bond, or other obligation is
the payment of a certain amount of the money due on the
obligation. An endorsement is anything written on the
back.

138. What is discount? What is the present worth ofa
debt, and how do we find it?

Discount is an allowance made for the payment of a debt
before it is due. The present worth of a debt is such a
sum as, being put at legal interest, would amount to the

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 303

debt when due. It is found by dividing the given debt by
the amount of ¢1 at interest for the given time and rate.

139. What is a bank? What is bank discount? What
are days of grace?

A bank is a corporation chartered by law for the pur-
pose of receiving and loaning money, and perhaps also of
issuing a paper circulation. Bank discount is an allowance
made to a bank for the payment of a debt before it is due.
Days of grace are three days allowed a debtor to pay his
obligations after they become due. This practice has been
discontinued in New York State.

140. What is a promissory note? What is a bank note?
What is a negotiable note?

A promissory note is a written agreement to pay a cer-
tain sum either on demand or at a specified time. Bank-
notes are paper currency issued by banks as money. A
negotiable note is one which may be bought and sold, or
negotiated, and is made payable to the bearer or to the
order of the payee.

141. Mame and define the kinds of notes.

They are classified as time notes, negotiable notes, joint
notes, bank notes, drafts, stock, and bonds.

142. What is a notary public? What is a protest?

An officer authorized by law to attest the validity of docu-
ments or undertakings of any kind. A protest is a formal
declaration in writing, made by a notary public, at the re-
quest of the holder of a note, notifying the makers and the
endorsers of its non-payment.

143. What is a draft? A check?

A draft is a note of exchange, issued by one party, call-
ing upon a second party to pay over to a third party so
much money, and charge therewith the account of the
third party. A check is also a note of exchange, but made

304 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

payable at some bank where the person issuing it has de-
posits or credit.

144. Whatis a bond? What ts a coupon?

Bonds are interest-bearing notes issued by nations, states,
cities, railroad companies, and other corporations as a
means of borrowing money. ‘The coupons are the due-bills
for the interest, which, as they become due, are cut off and
presented for payment.

145. What do the terms “five-twenties” and ‘ten-forties”
mean?

They are applied to government bonds and indicate the
time when due. The five-twenties are due twenty years
after issue, although the government can pay them any
time after five if they choose to do so. The same rule of
interpretation applies to the ten-forties. These war-bonds
are now out of date.

146. What is exchange, and how many kinds are there?

Exchange is a method of remitting money from one per-
son to another, or making payments by written orders.
There are two kinds, domestic and foreign.

147. Define these.

Domestic or inland exchange is the exchange between
different places in the same country. Foreign exchange
is the remittance made between different countries.

148. What ts a bill of exchange?

It is a written request or order upon one person to pay a
certain sum to another person, or to his order, at a speci-
fied time. A draft or check is one kind of bill of exchange.

149. How many parties are there to a transaction in ex-
change?

There are always three, and usually four.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 305

150. What ts a set of exchange? What ts a course of ex-
change?

It consists of three copies of the same bill sent by differ-
ent conveyances to provide against a loss; when one has
been paid the others are void. A course of exchange is
the current price paid in one place for bills of exchange on
another place.

151. What is equation of payments?

The process of finding the mean time of the payment of
several sums, due at different times, without interest.

152. What ts equated time?

The date at which several debts may be paid at one
time.

153. What ts the focal date?

The date by which all others are compared in averaging
an account.

154. What ts partnership?

A relation established by two or more persons in trade.
The individuals thus associated are called partners.

155. What ts the difference between simple and compound
partnership?

A simple partnership is one in which each of the partners
has his capital invested for the same length of time. A
compound partnership is that in which the capital of the
partners is employed for different periods of time.

156. What ts an endorsement?

The endorsement of a bill of exchange is the writing
upon its back by which the payee relinquishes his title,
and transfers the payment to another.

157. What is an acceptance?

The acceptance of a bill is the promise which the drawee
makes to pay it at maturity.

306 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

158. How zis this obligation acknowledged?

By writing the word “accepted,” with his signature,
across the face of the bill.

159. What ts a bankrupt?

A bankrupt is a person who fails in business and has
not property enough to pay his bills.

160. What ts the difference between a bankrupt and an in-
solvent?

“Bankrupt” is strictly a term applicable only to a trader,
while the term “insolvent” applies to any person who is
unable to pay his debts.

161. Define bankruptcy.

It is the condition of the business of a bankrupt.

162. What is analysis?

It is the process of arriving at a required result by fol-
lowing a course of reasoning, and not by formal rules.

163. Whatis ratio? Define each kind.

Ratio is the comparison of two numbers with each other.
Arithmetical ratio is the difference between two numbers.
Geometrical ratio is one divided by the other.

164. What are the terms of a ratio?

The two numbers compared.

165. What are the antecedent and consequent?

The antecedent is the first term of a ratio; the conse-
quent is the second term.

166. What are direct and inverse ratio?

Direct ratio is dividing the consequent by the antece-
dent. Inverse ratio is dividing the antecedent by the
consequent.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC, 307

167. Jn how many ways may the ratio of two numbers be
expressed?

In two ways: By placing a colon between the terms, or
by the form of a fraction, taking the antecedent for the
numerator and the consquent for the denominator.

168. What is the difference between a simple ratio and a
compound ratio?

A simple ratio is the ratio of two numbers. A com-
pound ratio is the product of two or more simple ratios.

169. What ts proportion?

An equality of ratios.

170. Which are the extremes and the means of a stated pro-
portion?

The extremes are the first and fourth terms of a stated
proportion. ‘The means are the other two.

171. What is a continued proportion?

A proportion with more than two equal ratios; as,
Beh: SOc kO:!O 1s.

172. How many antecedents are there in a proportion, and
how many consequents ?

As each ratio has an antecedent and consequent, the first
and third terms of a proportion are the antecedents, and
the second and fourth the consequents.

173. How are ratio and proportion distinguished?

Ratio is the relation between two numbers, while pro-
portion is the relation between two ratios.

174. What ts a simple proportion?

An equality between two simple ratios.

175. What ts a direct proportion?

One in which éach term increases or diminishes, as the
one on which it depends increases or diminishes.

308 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

176. What is an inverse proportion?

One in which each term increases as the term upon
which it depends diminishes, or diminishes as it increases.

177. What ts a compound proportion?
A proportion in which either ratio is compound.

178. Of what does alligation treat?

Of mixing or compounding two or more ingredients of
different values.

179. flow many kinds of alligation are there? Define
each,

Two: medial and alternate. Medial is the process of
finding the average price or quality of several ingredients
whose prices or qualities are known. Alternate is the
process of finding the proportional quantity to be taken of
several ingredients whose prices are known.

180. Give the analysis of alligation?

Alligation is but a short way of performing an analysis.
To show the process we will unite 3, 4, 7, 10, to form a
value worth 6.

It will be noticed that the dif-

3— 4 || 4

6 4) 4 || 1 ference between 1o and 6 is a
7 |} 2 loss of 4, and to make a loss of 1
i a lier)

will require }, also there will be a
gain of 4 in the opposite connection. The proportion,
then, if the two terms 3 and 10, expressed in fractions, is
1 and }, which, reduced to a common denominator, is ,
and ,3,, or expressed in whole numbers, 4 and 3, which, in
alligation, is understood as an exchange of difference
without the use of fractions and their reduction to whole

numbers.

181. What is an annuity?

A sum of money payable at certain intervals of time,
usually one year.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 309

182. Mame and define the kinds of annuity?

A certain annuity, which continues for a fixed period of
time; a perpetual annuity, continuing forever; a contin-
gent annuity, depending upon certain occurences, as on the
death of a person; an annuity in reversion, one that begins
at a specified future time or event; and an annuity in
arrears, is one the payments of which have been allowed to
accumulate instead of being paid.

183. What ts involution?

The process of raising a number toa given power.

184. What is a surd?

The indicated root of an imperfect power.

185. What ts the power of a number?

A power of a number is the result obtained by using it a
certain number of times as a factor.

186. What is a perfect power? An imperfect power?

A perfect power is a number whose root can be found,
An imperfect power is one whose root cannot be exactly
found.

187. What ts the exponent of a power?

The exponent of a power is a number placed at the right
of the root and just above it, to show the number of times
the root.is to. be.used, as 3* = 3 %) 3 K 3) & 3

183. Define evolution.

Evolution is the process of extracting the root of any
number considered a power. It is the opposite of involu-
tion.

189. What is the root of a number?

The root of a number is one of the equal factors of that
number.

3t0 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

190. How are the roots of numbers indicated?

By the sign called a radical ,/.. The figure on the sign
indicates the root.

191. What ts the square root of a number?

One of two equal factors that produce that number.

192. What is the cube root of a number?

One of three equal factors that produce that number.

193. What ts an arithmetical progression?

A series of numbers increased or diminished by a com-
mon difference.

194. What is a geometrical progression?

A series of numbers increased or diminished by a con-
stant multiplier.

195. What five things are to be considered in an arithmet-
tcal progression ?

The first term, the last term, the number of terms, the
common difference and the sum of the series. Three of
these being given, the other two can be found.

196. What things are to be considered in a geometrical pro-
gression}

They are the first term, the last term, the number of
terms, the constant multiplier, and the sum of the series.
Three of these being given, the other two can be found.

197. What ts a duodecimal}

A denominate number in which twelve units of any
denomination make a unit of the next higher denomina-
tion.

198. What is mensuration?

The art of measuring magnitudes.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC, 3ri

199. What is magnitude?

Any thing which has length, breadth and thickness, or
all of them.

200. What ts the measuring unit of surfaces?

It is customary to use the square as the measuring unit,
as a square inch, foot, rod, etc.

201. How do you find the area ofa parallelogram and a
square?

By multiplying the length by the breadth.

202. How do you find the area of (a) a rhombus, (b) of a
trapezium, (c) of a triangle?

(2) By multiplying the length by the altitude; (4) by
multiplying half the sums of the parallel sides by the alti-
tude; (c) by multiplying the base by half the altitude.

203. How do you find the area ofa triangle when the three
sides are given?

From half the sum of the three sides subtract each side
respectively; then multiply together half the sum and the
three remainders, and extract the square root of the
product.

204. How do you find the circumference ofa circle when
the diameter is given?

To find the circumference multiply the diameter by
3.14159; to find the diameter, divide the circumference by
the same number.

205. How do you find the area of a circle?

By multiplying half the circumference by half the
diameter; or, by multiplying the circumference by a fourth
of the diameter.

206. How do you find the side of the greatest square that
can be inscribed in a circle of a given diameter?

Divide the square of the given diameter by 2, and ex-
tract the square root of the quotient.

312 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

207. How do yon find a mean proportional between two
numbers ?

By multiplying the given numbers together, and extract-
ing the square root of the product.

208. How do you find the solidity of bodies whose sides are
perpendicular to each other?

By multiplying the length, breadth and thickness.

209. How do you find the solidity of a prism?
By multiplying the area of the base by the height.

210. How do you find the lateral surface of a right prism}
By multiplying the length by the perimeter of the base.

211. How do you find the solidity of a pyramid or cone?

By multiplying the area of the base by } of the altitude.

212. How do you find the lateral or convex surface of a
regular pyramid or cone?

By multiplying the perimeter of the base by 4 of the
slant height.

213. Low do you find the solidity of a cylinder?

By multiplying the area of the base by the height or
length.

214. How do you find the convex surface of a cylinder?

By multiplying the circumference of the base by the
height.

215. How do you find the surface of a sphere or globe?

By multiplying the circumference by the diameter.

216. How do you find the solidity of a sphere or globe?

By multiplying the surface by } of the diameter.

217. How do you find the side of a square equal in area to
any given surface.

By extracting the square root of the given surface.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 313

218. How do we measure lumber?

Multiply the length in feet by the product of the breadth
and thickness, both in inches, and divide the result by 12.

219. How do we find the solid contents of a stick of round
timber?

By multiplying the length by } the mean circumfer-
ence.

220. What is gauging?
The process of finding the contents or capacity of casks,
barrels, etc.

221. How do we find the contents of casks?

Multiply the square of the mean diameter by the length,
and this product by .0034 to obtain the wine gallons.
Using the decimal .0028 will give us the beer gallons.

222. Define the metric system of measurement.

The metric system is a decimal system of weights and
measures, having the metre for the base or unit.

223. What ts the measure of the metre in inches?
It measures 39.3708 inches.

224. From what was the metre obtained?

It is one ten-millionth part of a quadrant of the earth’s
meridian.

TEST EXAMPLES.

[The following examples embody a great variety of practical principles, and have
been selected especially to test the knowledge of the student. |

1, One gentleman meeting another, and inquiring the
time past 12 o’clock, received for an answer: }% of the
time from now to midnight; what o’clock in the afternoon
was it? Aas. 5 h. 40 m.

2. Where shall a pole 60 feet high be broken, that the
top may rest on the ground 20 feet from the stump? dvs.
262.

314 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

3. Suppose a man owes $1,000. What sum shall he pay
yearly so as to cancel the debt, principal and interest, at
the end of three years, reckoning it at 6 per cent. simple
interest? Ams. $371 754.

4. A gentleman has a garden 4oo feet long and 300
feet wide which he would raise g inches higher by means
of the earth to be dug out of a ditch that goes around it.
To what depth must the ditch be dug, supposing its
breadth to be everywhere 6 feet? Ams. 10,9,,.

5. Divide $1,000 among A, B and C, so that A may have
$156 more than B, and B $62 less than C. Ams. A, $4162;
Bep20o02. C, $2224.

6. If 21 cows eat up 8 acres of grass in 6 weeks, and 18
cows eat up the same in g weeks, how many cows will it
maintain for 18 weeks, if the grass grow uniformly during
that time? dvs. 15 cows.

7. Required the thickness of the lead of a pipe
11 inch bore, which weighs 16 Ibs., a yard in length,
a cubic foot of lead weighing 11,325 oz. avoirdupois.
Ans. 2.329 -|_ in:

8. If a cubic foot of brass were drawn into wire , of an
inch in diameter, required the length of the wire, suppos-
ing no loss in the metal. As. 55 m., 4 tur., 104 yds.,
Pete 4. ans

g. Divide $25 between 2 boys in such a proportion that,
after it is divided, A shall have } more than B. Ans. A,
Si5- BD, S10.

1o. A makes B a present of g1oo, on condition that he
shall expend it in cows, sheep, and geese; cows at $10
each, sheep at $1, and geese at 16% cents, so as to have
just 100 in the whole. How many must he purchase of
each? Ams. 5 cows, 41 sheep, and 54 geese.

11. If 4 of 6 be 3, what will 3 of 20 be? Ans. 7}.

12. How long must I keep $300 to balance the use of
$500, which I lent a friend 4 months? Azs. 6% months.

13. If 800 men have provisions for 2 months, how many

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. ars

must leave that the remainder may subsist 5 months on the
same? Ans. 480.

14. A hare, running 36 rods a minute, has 57 rods the
start of a dog; how far must the dog run to overtake him,
running 4o rods per minute? Avs. 570 rods.

1s. The hour and minute hands of a watch are together
at 12 o’clock; when are they next together? das. 1h., 5m.,
27 yr S-

16. If a pole be } in the mud, 3 in the water, and 6 feet
out of the water, what is its length? Avs. go feet.

17. A man being asked how many geese he had, replied:
If I had } as many as I now have, and 2} geese more, I
should have 100; how many had he? Avs. 65.

18. The head of a fish is 4 feet long, the tail as long as
the head and } the length of the body, the body as long as
the head and tail; what is the length of the fish? Azs.
aa teet:

1g. A and B can build a wall in 4 days, B and C in
6 days, A and C in 5 days; required the time if they work
together. Ams. 327.

20. A man left his two sons, one 14, the other 18 years
old, $1,000, so divided that their shares, being put at 6
per cent. interest, should be equal when each should be
21 years old; what was the share of each? Ans. $546.-
153 +3 $453-846 +.

21. A gentleman divided his fortune among his sons,
giving A $9 as often as B $5, and C ¢3 as often as B $7:
C received $7,442.10}; what was the whole estate? Axs.
$56,063.85 73.

22. Three horses, belonging to 3 men, do work to the
amount of $26.45; A and B’s horses are supposed to do }
of the work, A and C’s ,%,, B and C’s 33, on which sup-
position the owners are paid proportionately; what does
eacm receiver Aus. A, ¢13.505) By $5.75), $9.20.

23. A gay fellow spent ? of his fortune, after which he
gave $7,260 for a commission, and continued his profusion

316 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

till he had only $2,178 left, which was 3 of what he had
after purchasing his commission; what was his fortune?
Ans, $18,295.20.

24. A general, placing his army in a square, had 231 men
left, which number was not enough by 44 to enable him to
add another to each side; how many men in the army?
Ans. 19,000.

25. Suppose that a man stands 80 feet from a steeple,
that a line to him from the top of the steeple is 100 feet
long, and that the spire is three times as high as the steeple;
what is the length of a line reaching from the top of the
spire to the man? Azs. 197 feet, nearly.

26. How many acres in a square field measuring 70.71
rods between the opposite corners? Avs. 15% acres.

27. How long does it take sound to travel 120 miles?
Mins. «9. Mt 41S0C:-

28. A laborer dug a cellar, the length of which was
2 times the width, and the width 3 times the depth; he
removed 144 cubic yards of earth; what was the length?
Ans. 36 feet.

29. A owes B $750, due in 8 months, but receiving $300
ready money, he extends the time of paying the remainder,
so that B shall lose nothing; when was it paid? Aas,
I yr. I mo. ro days.

30. The sum of two numbers is 2663, and the product
of the greater multiplied by 3 equals the product of the less
multiplied by 5; what are the numbers? Avs. 100, and
1662.

31. A park 10 rods square is surrounded by a walk which
occupies ;4%, of the whole park; what is its width? Ans,
8 ft: 3)an.

32. How many square inches of leather will cover
a ball 33} inches in diameter? Avs. 38} sq. inches.

33. How many solid inches in a globe 7 inches in
diameter? zs. 1793 solid inches.

34. What are the solid contents of a pyramid, the base

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. Bz

of which is 4 feet square and the perpendicular height
g feet? Ans. 48 solid feet.

35. What are the solid contents of a stick of timber 18
feet long, one end of which is g inches square and the
other end 4 inches square, uniformly diminishing through-
out the whole length? dws. 5 solid feet, 936 solid inches.

36. What are the solid contents of a round log of wood
36 feet long, 1.6 feet in diameter at one end, and dimin-
ishing gradually to a diameter of .g of a foot at the other?
Ans. 45-333 + solid feet.

37- How many gallons of wine will a cask contain, the
head diameter of which is 25 inches, and the bung diameter
31 inches, and the length 36 inches? Ams. 102.934
gallons.

38. ‘wo men carry a kettle weighing 200 pounds; the
kettle is suspended on a pole, the bale being 2 feet
6 inches from the hands of one, and 3 feet 4 inches from
the hands of the other; how many pounds does each bear?
ea 1142 pounds.

85% pounds.

39. If a triangular piece of land 30 rods in length, be 20
rods wide at one end and comes to a point at the other,
what number of square rods does it contain? Avs. 300.

40. There are two globes; one of them is 1 foot in diam-
eter, and the other 40 feet in diameter; how many of the
smaller globes would it take to make one of the larger?
Ans. 64,000.

ar. ‘What is the area, of a) circle x mile in circum-
ference? 2ivs3, hoya. 3%. 26:7 390) 4: fr.

42. A conical stack of hay is 20 feet high, and its base
15 feet in diameter; what is its weight, allowing 5 lbs. toa
cubic foot? Ams. 5,890.5 lbs.

43. How many bushels will a cubical bin contain whose
sides are 9 feet? Ams. 585.80357 bushels.

44. How many hogsheads will a cylindrical cistern 10
feet deep and 6} feet diameter contain? dvs. 39.401 hhds.

318 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

45. How far from the end of a stick of timber 30 feet
long, of equal size from end to end, must a lever be placed
so that 3 men, 2 at the lever and 1 at the end of the stick,
may each carry } of its weight? Azs. 7} feet.

46. If 100 eggs are placed in a straight line a rod apart,
. how many miles must a person travel to bring them one
by one to a basket placed a rod from the first egg? Aus.
Zr Ml. Too F.

47. Said A to B: if I take one of your bags I shall have
twice as many as you, and if I give you one of mine, we
shall have an equal number? Avs. 5 and 7.

48. Divide $1,000 between A, B, and C, and give A $120
more than C, and C ¢95 more than B? Ans. $230 B’s,
p20. Cis, 4 an Avs.

49. A man’s desk was robbed three nights in succession;
the first night, half the number of dollars was taken and
half a dollar more; the second, half the remainder was
taken and half a dollar more; the third night, half of what
was then left and half a dollar more, when it was found he
had ¢50 left; how much had he at first? Ams. $407.

50. A owns 3 and B y, of a ship; A’s share is worth
$10,ooo more than B’s; what is the value of the ship?
Ans. $32,000.

51. A man gave his oldest son } of his property less ¢50;
to the second he gave }, and to the youngest he gave the
remainder, which was } less ¢10; what was the amount of
his property? Azs. $360.

52. What number is that, 3, and } of which being
multiplied together, will produce the number itself?
AAS. 210.

53. The difference of two numbers is 53 and the differ-
ence of their squares is 10,759; what are the numbers?
Ans. 75 and 128.

54. The sum of two numbers is 120, and the difference
of their squares is 4,800; what are the numbers? dvs. 40
and 8o.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 319

ss. The diagonal of a square field is 120 rods; what is
its area? Ans. 7,200 rods.

56. Find the side of the greatest square beam which can
be hewn from a log 5 feet in diameter. Ams. 3.535519
feet.

57. A man wished to tie his horse by a rope so that he
could feed on just an acre of ground; how long must the
rope be? <Azs. 7.13645 rods.

58. What number is that % of which exceeds ¢ of it by
45° Ans. 600.

59. At what discount must I buy stocks, so that by sell-
ing at 2 per cent. premium I may gain 20 per cent. on my
investment? Avs. 15 per cent.

60. A debt was paid with interest August 18, 1857; had
it been paid May 12, 1859, there would have been due ¢26
more; what was the original debt? Azs. $250.

61. Find the surface of a sphere whose solidity is 65.45
cubic inches? Ams. 78.54 square inches.

62. A man has a pile of wood 33 feet g inches long, 20
feet wide, and 5 feet high; if it is piled in a cubical form,
how high will it be? As. 15 feet.

63. Two merchants had each 4o gallons of wine at $1.80
a gallon; they wish to make it worth ¢1.20 a gallon; one
pours in water, the other alcohol at 40 cents a gallon;
how many more gallons in one mixture than in the other?
Ans. 10 gallons.

64. A contributed $1,400, B $2,200, C $1,875. B gained
$27.30 more than C; required the total gain. Ams. $459.90.

65. A owes B $2,500 due in 6 months; B wishes him to
pay part now and retain the remainder 15 months; how
much should he pay now? Ams. $1,500.

66. After 5 gallons of water had been added to 45 gal-
lons of pure wine, the mixture was worth $1.26 per gallon;
what was the pure wine worth per gallon? Avs. ¢1.40.

67. At 10 per cent. premium, what bill of exchange on
London can be bought for $3.30? Avs. £67 ros.

320 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

68. What debt due in 4 months, together with ¢600 due
ing months, could be paid in 7 months, without loss to
either?

69. A cistern is 2 full of water; after 35 gallons are
taken out it is $ full; how many gallons will it contain?
Ans. 120.

70. I was married at the age of 21; if I live 19 years
longer I shall have been married 60 years; what is my age?
Ans. 62 years.

71. A boat goes 16} miles an hour down stream, and 10
miles an hour up stream; if it takes 22} hours longer in
coming up than going down, how far down did it go?
Ans. 585 miles.

72. I bought a horse for $156 due in 8 months, and sold
him at once for $180; find the gain per cent., interest 44
percent. Avs. 18}} per cent.

73. After spending 25 percent. of my money, and 25 per
cent. of the remainder, I had left $675; what had I at
first? Ans. $1,200.

74. Aman sold a house at 22 per cent. loss, losing $748;
what did he receive for it? Ans. $2,652.

75. Tocarry 7 t. 10 cwt. 25 miles costs $18.75; how much
can be carried 125 miles for $131.25? Ams. 10 t. 10 cwt.

76. The base of a right-angled triangle is 42 feet, its
hypotenuse 58; find the area. dus. 840 square feet.

77. At $1.47 a bushel, what cost 17 bushels, 3 pecks,
2 quarts, 1 pint of fruit? Avs. $26.21.

78. A boy hired to a mechanic for 20 weeks on condition
that he should receive $20 and a coat. At the end of
12 weeks the boy quit work, when it was found that he
was entitled to $9 and the coat; what was the value of the
coat? Ans. $7.50.

79. A farmer sold 34 bushels of corn and 56 bushels of
barley for $63.10, receiving 35 cents a bushel more for the
barley than for the corn; what was the price of each per
bushel? Avs. 481, price of corn; 83}, price of barley.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 321

80. Sold 3 of a lot of lumber for what of it cost; what
per cent. was gained on the part sold? Ans. 25 per
cent.

81. A, Band C can doa job of work in 12 days, C can do
it in 24 days, and A in 34 days; in what time can B do it
alone? Ams. 813 days.

82. Of what principal is $150 the compound interest for
2 years at 7 per cent.? Ams. $1,035.196 4.

83. A man in Buffalo purchased a draft on St. Paul, Minne-
sota, for $5,320, drawn at 60 days, paying $5,141.78;
what was the course of exchange? Ams. 21 per cent.

84. What is the difference between half a solid foot anda
solid half foot? Ans. 648 cubic inches.

8s. The bank discount of a certain sum for 6 months
was $188.49; what would have been the true discount?
Ans. $180.

86. The time since noon is ,’, of the time to 4 o’clock
P.M.; whatisthe time? Avs. 10 minutes past 1 o’clock P.M.

87. Aman gave ? of an estate to A, } of the remainder to
B, and the balance to C, who received $685 less than A;
require the value of the estate. dvs. $2,740.

88. Bought some lemons for ¢7.20; had I received 30
more, each would have cost 2 as much; how many did I
buy? Ams. go.

89. The three sides of a triangle are 16, 63 and 65; find
the area? Ans. 504.

go. Aman having oranges at 4 cents each and apples at
2 for 1 cent, gained 20 per cent. by selling 5 dozen for $2.04;
how many of each did he sell? Ams. 40 oranges, 20
apples.

gt. Interest $67.50, amount $217.50, time 5 years
7 months 15 days; require the rate. dvs. 8 per cent.

g2. A horse was tied by a rope 52 feet long, fastened
to the top of a stake 20 feet high; over what area can he
graze? dns. 26.586+P.

93- How many pencils must be bought for ¢1.00 so that

B22 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

20 per cent. may be gained by selling them 4 for 1 cent?
Ans. 480.

94. The square root of a certain number is 4,096; what
is the cube root of the same number? Avs. 256.

95. The first term of an arithmetical series is 17, the
common difference 6, the last term 161; how many terms
are there?!) 475.7265:

96. A prism is 6 feet 4 inches high, on a base 3 feet
9 inches square; find the solidity. Avs. 89 cubic feet, 108
cubic inches.

97. For a note of $340, discounted at 6 per cent., a
bank paid $336.43; how many days had the note to run?
Ans. 60 days.

98. If to a certain number its half be added, and the
sum subtracted from 1,o00, the remainder will be ten
greater than the number itself; what is the number? Avs.
396.

99. What is the area of a circle whose diameter is
1 foot r inch? Ans. 132.7326 square inches.

roo. A’s income is 16 per cent. of his capital; he is
taxed 2} per cent. of his income, and pays $26.04; what
is his capital? Ams. $6,510.

rot. The expense of building a public bridge was ¢1,260.-
52, which was defrayed by a tax upon the property of the
town. The rate of taxation was 3} mills on ¢1, and the
collector’s commission was 3} per cent.; what was the
valuation of the property? Avs. $401,920.

102. A man received $33.25 interest on a sum of money
loaned 5 years previous at 7 per cent.; what was the sum
lent? Ans. $95.

103. A house that cost $8,250, rents for $750 a year; the
insurance is 4%; per cent. and repairs } per cent. every
year; what rate of interest does it pay? Ams. 8 per cent.

104. Bought $860 bank stock at 4 per cent. advance;
sold at a discount of 2} per cent.; find the loss. Aus.

$55-90.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 223

105. What is the difference between the true and the
bank discount of $1,375.50 for 60 days, at 6 per cent.? Ans.
CA.

106. What per cent. will be gained by buying apples at
the rate of 3 for 1 cent, and selling them at 3 cents each?
Ans. 800 per cent.

107. Find two numbers whose difference equals 1,427,
and 2 of the first equal 3 of the second. Avs. 12,843 and
11,416.

108. Find the solid contents of a globe whose diameter
is 1 foot 3 inches? Ans. 1 cubic foot, 39.15 cubic inches.

1og. A, B and C bought a farm for $21,250, of which A
paid $712 more than B, and $3,551 less than C; what
sum did each pay? Ams. A, $6,137; B, $5,425; C, $9,688.

110. At what time between 5 and 6 o’clock is the
minute hand 14 minutes behind the hour hand? dzs. 12
minutes after 5 o’clock.

111. What is the present worth of a debt due in 4
years 8 months 10 days, the true discount, at 6 per cent.,
being $169? Ans. $600.

112. Divide, 2,331 among A, B, and C, in the ratio of },
re ans. A, 94; By 750 ;8C,/630.

113. From a piece of ground 30 rods wide and 50 rods
long, alot 25 feet wide and roo feet long was sold for ¢275;
find the value of the remainder at the same rate. Ans.
$44,646.25.

114. A man bought copper at 27 cents a pound; it lost
2 per cent. in casting; at what price per pound must he
sell the castings to gain 47 per cent.? Avs. 40} cents per
pound.

r15. Aman bought land at $30 an acre; how much must
he ask an acre, that he may abate 25 per cent. from his
former asking price and still make 20 per cent. on the
purchase money? dvs. $48.

116. A machinist sold 24 grain drills for ¢125 each;
on one-half of them he gained 25 per cent., and on the

324 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

remainder he lost 25 per cent.; did he gain or lose on the
whole, and how much? Ams. $200 lost.

117. A cistern has three pipes; the first will empty it in
g hours; the other two are equal to each other in size; if all
three are left open the cistern will be filled in 6 hours; how
long would it take the second or third alone to fill it. Ams.
71 hours.

118. If 3 gallons of brandy, at ¢3 a gallon, and 5 quarts‘
of alcohol, at 4o cents a gallon, be mixed with } gallon of
water, for what must the mixture be sold a gallon to gain
37) pen cent. ty Adz. (ga27 4.

11g. Area of a circle 19,635 square feet; find the radius.
Ans. 2 feet 6 inches.

120.' Debt $245, discount ¢n0s5, rate 3. percent. find
the time. Avs. 9g years, 4 months, 15 days.

121. The parallel sides of a trapezoid are 37} feet and
384 feet, and are 16} feet apart; find the area. Aas.
627 square feet.

122. A horse costing $156.25 was sold for $256.25; what
per cent. was gained? Avs. 64 per cent.

123. Principal $336,rate 10 per cent., amount ¢560; find
the time. Avs. 6 years, 8 months.

124. A can do a piece of work in 6 days, A and B can
do it in 32 days, and A, B and C in 22 days; how long
would it take A and C to doit? Ams. 4 days.

125. To a certain number its fifth was added, and one-
fifth of the result being added to the original number
gave 6,076; find the number. <Axs. 4,900.

126. Find the area of a triangle whose sides are 10, 103
and 143. Ans. 524.

127. What number is that whose eighth exceeds its tenth
by 14 less than its twelfth? Avs. 240.

128. What sum must I lend for 5 years 6 months,
at 8 per cent., to receive on settlement $957.24. <Azs.
$664.75.

129. I gave A ,), of my money, and B 4 of the re-

=

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC, 425

mainder; if B received 18 cents more than A, how much
had I at first? Ams. $36.48.

130. Sold for a man 320 acres of land at $2.561 per acre,
and sent him $779; what per cent. commission did I
charge? Avs. 5 per cent.

131. A man can doa piece of work in 45 days; if hisson
can work 2 as fast, how long will it take both to do it?
Ans. 27 days.

132. Divide $5,000 between A and B, so that A’s share
may be $400 less than twice B’s. Ams. A’s, $3,200; B’s,
$1,800.

133. Mix 2} pints at 37 cents a pint, with 7 pints at 74
cents, and find the value of 1 pint of the mixture. Ams. 65
cents per pint.

134. A globe 6 inches in diameter weighs 64 pounds;
what will be the weight of another globe of the same
material, the diameter being 1 foot 9 inches? Azs. 1 t.,
FEWt. sot) Qing: FOLDS.

135. Find the bank discount of a note of $825.50, pay-
able in 3 months, rate at 6 per cent. Avs. $12.79.

136. If } of a number be subtracted from } of the num-
ber, the remainder will be 6 less than 4 of the number;
what is the number? Avs. 180.

137. What must be paid for a draft on London for
#256 10s, at 10 per cent. premium? Ans. $1,254.

138. What is the equated time on the following debts:
$180 due in 4 months, ¢540 due in 7 months, $280 due
in 10 months? zs. 7 months and g days.

139. If a certain number be diminished by its }, and
3 of the remainder be added to the first number, the sum
will be 18.24; required the number. Azs. 11.52.

140. If 2 ounces of silver, worth ¢1.10 an ounce, are
melted with 2 ounces of gold worth 94 cents a pwt., what
is the compound worth per ounce? Avs. $9.95.

141. Two men are go miles apart and travel towards
each other, A starting 1 hour before B; A goes g miles

326 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

in 2 hours, B 11 miles in 4 hours; how far will each travel
before they meet? Avs. A 573% miles, B 3223 miles.

142. What date is 7 months 15 days before July 15th,
1861? Ans. November 30, 1860.

143. By selling at 33 cents a pound twice as much is
gained as by selling at 29 cents a pound; what per cent. is
gained by selling at 32 cents a pound? Avs. 28 per cent.

144. What per cent. of 3 is 2? Ans. 888.

145. In how many years will the error of the Julian
Calendar involve the loss of aday? Avs. 1284 years.

146. At what time between r2 and 1 o’clock do the hour
_and minute hands of a clock point in directions exactly
opposite? Ans. 12 o'clock 32,8, minutes.

147. Suppose A, B and C to start from the same point
and to travel in the same direction round a circular island
73 miles in distance, A at the rate of 6, B of 10 and C of
16 miles per day; in what time will they be next together?
Ans, 36} days.

148. A blacksmith agreed to shoe a horse for x mill for
the first nail in his shoe, 2 mills for the second nail, and so
on; the shoes contain 32 nails; how much was he to receive?
Ans. $42,949,672.95.

149. Sold a horse for $37.05, losing 81 per cent.; what
was the loss? Azs. $157.95.

150. The mainmast of a ship is 95 feet long, the dia-
meter of the base is 3} feet, that of the top 2} feet; what
is its solidity? As. 677.73475 feet.

151. A club spent £2 12s. 1d.; on settling, each paid as
many pence as there were individuals in the party; how
many pounds were there .in each? Azs. 782 pounds,
1173 pounds.

152. A grocer divided a barrel of flour into two parts so
that the smaller contained 2 as much as the other; how
many were there in the party? dws. 25 persons.

153. A man having spent } and } of his money, had
£483 left; how much had he at first? Ans. £292.

WRITTEN ARITHMETIC. 327

154. If 3 of a ton of chalk cost £8, what will % of aton
cost? "Ans, 6 1.

155. A man was hired 50 days, receiving 75 cents for
every day he worked, and forfeiting 25 cents for every day
he was idle; he received $27.50; how many days did he
work? Ams. 40 days.

156. A gentleman paid ¢18.90 among his laborers; to
each boy 6 cents, to each woman 8 cents, and to each man
16 cents; there were three women for each boy, and two
men for each woman; how many men were there? Avs. go.

157. A man paid $82.50 for a sheep, a cow, and a yoke
of oxen; for the cow 8 times, for the oxen 24 times as
much as for the sheep; what did he pay for each?
Ans. $2.50, $20, and $60.

158. A, B and C commence trade with $3,053.25, and
gain $610.65; A’s stock + B’s is to B’s + C’s, as 5 to 7;
and C’s stock — B’s is to C’s + B’s, as 1 to 7; what is
each one’s part of the gain? ds. A’s gain, $135.70;
Biseeeos ce G'S, 6271.40:

159. There is a windlass, the wheel of which is 60 inches
in diameter, and the axis, around which the rope coils, is
6 inches in diameter; how many pounds on the axle will be
balanced by 240 pounds at the wheel? dvs. 2,400 pounds.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

POY eAN Dy se RAC TICE (Or
LEACHING.

1. What is it to educate a human being aright?

It is to direct the mind, the thoughts, the feelings, the
instincts, into the channel of truth, morality, enterprise,
determination and economy.

2. What is economy?

It is the careful utilization of one’s forces, and may
relate to mind, strength, money, or any of the departments
of mind or nature by which the greatest attainments can
be acquired with the least expense of those forces.

3. What ts political economy?

It is the utilization of the forces of government, the
revenues, and the establishing of those laws of economy
by which the greatest good may be distributed among the
people.

4. What are some of the principles of a true political
economy?
To administer the laws without fear or favor, to prevent
monopoly, to encourage thrift, to destroy the weeds of
39

330 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

indolence and vice, to teach the principles of self-reliance,
of co-operation, of manliness, and the grand and noble
elements of truth and virtue.

5. Do individuals have instincts?

We are taught that reason is the great faculty by which
man becomes the image of his Creator, and that instinct is
nature’s gift to the lower orders of creation. To us this
teaching, although grand and noble in thought and pur-
pose, does not make the true distinction between man and
the brute.

Man, although endowed with the power of reason, often
displays another element of his being. He instinctively
laughs, cries, mistrusts, is warned by some influence, and
in many ways receives impressions which, like the in-
stincts of animals, work without knowledge or reason.
The dividing line between reason and instinct cannot
easily be determined.

6. Whatshould be the greatest accomplishment of all human
beings ?

To strive to control the passions; to speak with purity
of language; to rise above the vulgar and indifferent, and
to be noble in thought, deed and purpose.

7. How can these accomplishments be acquired?

By the right cultivation of the mind while young. “As
the twig is bent, so the tree is inclined.”

8. How can we estimate a nation’s place in the scale of
civilization?

We can judge it by the history of its schools, the
universal distribution of the same general knowledge.
Knowledge is the lever that controls the progress of the
world. It is the sword of success, the armor of defence,
and the power that prevails.

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING. 331

9. What does the theory of teaching embrace?

School economy, methods of instruction, methods of
culture and the history of education.

10. Of what does school economy treat?

The best modes of organizing the school and of utilting
the means of instruction.

11. Define methods of instruction.

Means of imparting knowledge.

12. What do you understand by methods of culture ?

The study of the physical and mental character of man
by which his faculties may be developed and strengthened.

13. Ofwhat should we treat in the history of education?

We should compare the past with the present, and show
the growth of education and the advantages which mark
its progress.

14. Zo what must the American people give credit for the
wonderful development of the country’s industries, and tts arts
and sciences ?

To free education.
15. What should we take into consideration in making prep-
arations for the school?

There should be a suitable location, properly graded,
drained and shaded. The house should be built for com-
fort, health and pleasure. The furniture, apparatus,
records and studies should be carefully arranged and
selected. The whole should be homelike and attractive.

16. What does a suitable location embrace?

Convenience of access; suitability of grounds and sur-
roundings; healthfulness of neighborhood, and beauty.

17. What should be done for the school grounds?

They should be thoroughly drained, dry, level, sodded,

332 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

<

ornamented with shade trees, neatly fenced, and supplied
with pure water.

18. What care should you exercise over the school-house,
the furniture, the apparatus and the grounds?

The teacher should consider the whole as his own, and
be thoughtful, vigilant and mindful of the responsibility
which has been placed upon him.

19. Should the teacher go to his boarding-place for dinner ¢

Under no consideration should. he leave the school
grounds, as his presence is required to keep peace, order,
prevent teasing, protect property and strive to impress
upon pupils the importance of being ladies and gentlemen.

20. State the objects of graded schools.

They economize the labor of instruction; lessen the
cost; make teachers more effective; promote good order
in school; prompt the ambition of pupils; provide instruc-
tion in the higher branches of learning; and remove the
necessity of children’s leaving home to obtain a good
education.

21. How are schools graded?

Into the primary, the grammar and the high school.

22. What branches are taught in the higher department of
these graded schools?

The high-school course embraces algebra and higher
mathematics, rhetoric, political economy, history, phys-
iology, and the studies of nature, business and language.

23. Upon what should the size of a school-house depend?

Upon the number of pupils in attendance. An un-
graded school, to be taught by one teacher, should contain
at least nine hundred square feet. A house designed for
50 to 80 scholars and one recitation room, fifteen hundred

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACGHING. 333

square feet. One for 80 to 120 scholars and two recita-
tion rooms, two thousand square feet.

24. Describe a suitable schoolhouse for rural discricts.

It should be rectangular in form, the door entering at
the south end, while the north end should be without
entrance or windows. The main room should be from
twelve to sixteen feet high. The house should contain an
apartment for clothing and necessaries. It should be well
lighted, warmed and ventilated.

25. How should a school-house be warmed?

Provide a good stove, pipe and chimney. Surround the
stove with a tin casing made to extend from the floor to
about one foot above the top of the stove. There should
be a door in the casing for putting in fuel; and a trunk
for the conveyance of fresh air should start outside of the
building, run under the floor and communicate directly
with the door. The object of the tin casing and the trunk
must be apparent to all, as the former will prevent the
burning of clothing and the latter will supply a pure
current of air upon which combustion depends.

26. How should a school-room be ventilated?

Ventilation should be regulated by the lowering of the
windows from the top instead of raising the bottom sash,
especially in cool weather. This will prevent a direct
draft upon the heads of the pupils. Openings in the ceil-
ing and doors will also be a means of relieving the heated
pressure.

27. What should be the furniture and equipment of a
school-room ?

The desks should be of modern approval and set so as
to enable all pupils to pass to and from their seats without
creating confusion. There should be a library of reference
books; a complete dictionary; a geographical gazetteer; a

334 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

biographical dictionary; a popular encyclopedia; sets of
historical and physiological charts; outline maps.

28. How should the teacher's desk be arranged?

It should embody a plain business office desk, with
drawers, shelves, closets and book-rack.

29. With what apparatus should schools be supplied?

A set of cards for teaching the alphabet, pronunciation,
spelling, and elementary reading, with a stand to hang
them upon; letter-blocks, and a chart of elementary sounds;
writing charts; drawing cards and material; a numerical
frame, and sets of square and cube root blocks; a globe, a
set of outline maps, and a Tellurian; charts of history; a
case of minerals and curiosities; engravings, and a ther-
mometer.

30. What should be the temperature of a school-room?

In our estimation it should be 72° Fahr., although many
claim that this temperature is too high; we must remem-
ber that the moving teacher cannot judge by his own
feelings what would necessarily please the children.

31. Of what use are school-records?

To aid the teacher in his work; to give information to
parents and school officers; to furnish educational sta-
tistics; to exert a beneficial influence upon the pupils.

32. What should be the first step in the organization of a
school?

To produce a good impression. ‘The language should
be mild, but interesting. There should be no show of
superiority in power or knowledge. The teacher should
arrange so as to obtain their confidence and respect,
holding at the same time a deep interest for the instruction
of those placed in his charge,

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING. 335

33. Give an outline of work preliminary to the organization
of a school?

The young teacher should consider well his adaptation
to a particular school before engaging it. He should study
the difficulties which he might encounter; he should lay
his plans before the school officers and ask their advice;
the contract should be made in writing, and if possible,
the teacher should make the acquaintance of parents before
opening of school.

34. What benefits will arise by forming these acquaint-
ances ?

It will convince the people of an interest in the school,
and draw out their sympathies and general interest. It will
assist in forming calculations on how to organize; and it
will give a better chance for the study of human character.

35. What should be the programme for the first day at
school?

Furnish something from the beginning that will interest;
establish order in every movement; inquire how studies
have formerly been arranged and how conducted. Mention
the great principle of order, as though other rules were
far inferior. Do not impose upon the pupils stipulations
that this shall or that shall not be done. Be moderate in
demands, but impress upon their minds the necessity of
walking and studying in an orderly manner, and of keeping
the school-room pleasant and quiet.

36. ffow can you prepare a programme for every day’s
work ?

By the advice and consent of the pupils form a system
of work; arrange the studies systematically; be prompt in
the recitations, in study and in exercise.

37. What are the employments of a school?

Study, recitations and exercise.

336 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

38. What are the objects of study?

Knowledge, discipline, aspiration and efficiency.

39. By what principles should incentives to study be tested?

They should be continuous, and arise from the nature of
the subject and the circumstances connected with learning.

40. What incentives are often used to create ambition and
interest?

Prizes; merit-marks; emulation; fear of punishment;
shame and ridicule.

4t. Should such artificial means be employed?

Some condemn and some allow. One bad feature is
that it often creates jealousies and ill-feelings. As an illus-
tration, the author will mention a circumstance which
occurred in 1872 while teaching a district school. The
term was within two weeks of completion, and by request
a class of thirty-two scholars was organized for spelling,
each taking his place according to the number of a ticket
drawn, there being thirty-two numbers. A record was kept
of the position drawn and compared the last day with the
position then held. ‘The contest was exciting, as each was
striving to hold his own and to get above his neighbor.
The one drawing ticket No. 1 was a very poor speller, and
day by day found her making her way toward the foot,
until she was so near that position that school became
unbearable, and she took her books home the day before
the term was out.

42. What are the proper incentives to study?

The approbation of teacher, parents and friends; desire
for an honorable position in the school and in society; the
pleasure of overcoming difficulties; the gratification of
curiosity; hope for success in life; enjoyment of knowledge,
and prospect of future rewards.

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING, 337

43. What are the objects of education?

The development of the faculties, the acquisition of
knowledge and its wise application to the uses of life.

44. What are the objects of recitation?

To test knowledge, to acquire power of speech and of
explanation, and the development of expression generally.
It gives confidence and demands a careful study of the
subject under discussion. It induces thought and quickens
perception.

45. How should the recitation be conducted?

It should cover the general points in the lesson by brief
and comprehensive statements, and the lesson preceding
should be carefully reviewed.

46. What ts necessary for a good recitation?

A live, intelligent teacher; recitation seats; black-boards;
apparatus; reference books; a call bell; ventilation and
proper temperature.

47. What preparation should the teacher make for the reci-
tation ?

He should have a thorough knowledge of the subject,
and depend upon a general discussion rather than on quot-
ing the words of the book.

48. How would you teach grammar?

Of all studies grammar is most open to general explana-
tion. Books should be used only as a source from which
to draw knowledge or suggestion. No fixed plan of recita-
tion should be followed. The elements of grammar should
be given first and carefully illustrated. Definitions should
be Jearned only as applied. There should be no rotation,
no fixed laws of advancement. Analyzing should be intro-
duced as soon as we have asked the first question. We
should teach from observations, simple at first, until the
main principles are thoroughly comprehended.

338 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

49. How should geography be taught?

Much as you would grammar. Give lessons which will
compare one section of the earth or the country with
another. It is not necessary to be confined to one book,
as the same principles are embodied in all of them. Have
a variation of topics. Call for the various productions of
South America and the particular countries where each is
produced. ‘This is enough for one lesson. Better have a
full knowledge of a little than fail in big attempts. Follow
with other questions of interest concerning the same part
of the world. The author once conducted a large class
without a book for his reference, but in the class there were
eight different geographies. ‘The plan worked admirably,
although a case of necessity.

50. What is a good plan for studying history?

On this subject the teacher should be thoroughly informed.
He should map out the points of greatest interest, and as
the class advances give the subdivisions. Do not be afraid
to call up a subject at the beginning, the middle, or the
end. Review is the great secret of success. _

51. Why is it necessary to take exercise ¢

Because it conduces to health, strength, and the ability
to study.

52. Define school government.

It is a proper organization of order, thought and action.
It is the means of developing a love for study and improve-
ment.

53. Under what heads may school government be embraced?

School ethics, retributions, legislation and administra-
tion.

54. Define ethics.

The science which treats of human rights and duties.

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING. 339

55- Lo what does school ethics relate?

To the rights and duties of persons connected with the
school.

56. Who are the important factors in the school?

The teacher, the general school-officers, the communities
that found and support schools, and the pupils.

57. What may be considered some of the most important
qualifications of the teacher?

Common sense, knowledge, teaching power, government,
and love of the work.
58. What may be considered the school-duties of pupils?

Their duties to themselves, to one another, to the school
property, to the teacher, to the school-officers, to visitors,
to society, and to God.

59: What is discipline ?

A close or thorough application to some particular sub-
ject or subjects. In school life the term is often applied
to the correction of particular errors and faults.

60. What are the general features of school government?

Force, authority, and love.

61. What may be considered proper penalties?

Privation of recitations, of recess, or of position in class,
reproof, reports to parents, suspension, expulsion, bodily
punishment, withholding favors, special restrictions or re-
quirements.

62. What may be considered improper penalties?

Threatening, scolding, asking for excuses, whipping in
anger, compulsory study, and any physical or mental tor-
ture beyond the absolute demand of the case.

340 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

63. What actions of the teacher should be specially de-
nounced?

Any sudden or violent action, as throwing rulers or
slapping the head. Care should be taken not to punish
for offences done beyond the jurisdiction of the school-
yard.

64. What should every teacher do?

Convince his pupils by his conduct that he is their friend;
take special care that the school-house and appendages are
kept in good order; be accurate, punctual, cheerful; study
the art of aptly illustrating a difficult subject; teach hon-
esty and morality, and strive at all times to win the esteem
of his pupils.

65. What errors should the teacher avoid}

He should guard against prejudices; ride no “hobbies”;
never lose patience while reasoning with parents; avoid
wounding the feelings of a dull scholar; never compare
one child with another; avoid making excuses to visitors;
have nothing to do with other business in school hours;
not attempt to teach too many things; not allow pupils to
direct their own studies.

66. What ts good education?

The cultivation of the nobler sentiments of man; the art
which commands understanding, that subdues his passions;
that extends the power of reason and begets a pure con-
science,

67. What is teaching?

The communication of knowledge — giving instruction.

68. What ts learning?

The acquisition of knowledge — being instructed.

69. Who will be successful in teaching?

Those who can comprehend human character, who can
control their passions, and who have a love of the work,

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING, 341

70. Who will fail to be successful teachers?

Those who teach because of the wages, and at the same
time have their minds on other matters of business. A
teacher must not divide his thoughts and feelings. Teach-
ing is a business, or profession, that requires the whole
response of the faculties and will admit of no delays or
thoughtless acts.

71. How are the faculties of the mind divided?

Into the intellect, the sensibility and the will.

72. What faculty comes first in the natural order of devel-
opment?

The intellect.

73. How is the intellect developed?

By the acquisition of knowledge.

74. What are the sources of knowledge?

The senses and the reason.

75. What is empirical knowledge?

The knowledge of experience, derived through the
senses, which includes all we know by seeing, hearing,
touching, tasting, smelling, and through the emotional
feelings.

76. What ts that knowledge called which ts derived through
reason?

Rational knowledge.

77. What does this knowledge include?

All that comes from the power of study and thought. It
is the development of the mind and understanding.

78. What is the difference between teaching and talking?

Teaching communicates knowledge by a course of rea-
soning, while talk is familiar or unrestrained conversation,

342 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

79. What is a remedy for whispering?

Whispering usually originates from a lack of interest.
Produce a love for school and its advancement and whis-
pering will be easily controlled.

80. What benefits arise from the practice of music?

Music softens the thoughts and inspires deep and sacred
feelings.

81. What are the purposes of examinations?

To test the knowledge of the pupil and determine
whether or not he has made real progress in his
studies.

82. What relation does the school hold to the state?

It is the agent appointed by the state for preventing
ignorance, raising the standard of moral and _ literary
culture, and increasing the general prosperity.

83. What conditions does teaching presuppose?

A certain capacity on the part of the pupil, knowledge
and skill on the part of the teacher, and information to
be imparted and acquired.

84. What are the practical points to be attained by an edu-
cation?

It should induce each person to be more industrious,
more ambitious, more trustworthy, more active and sys-
tematic, more cheerful, more far-sighted, more economical
as producers or preservers of property.

85. What does education do for a people?

It tends to make them more orderly, more submissive to
good laws, more independent in political thought, more
charitable and more refined, and creates a higher plane of
civilization.

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING. 343

86. How should pupils be dealt with at the beginning of
their school experience?

They should be received kindly, and every effort made
to obtain their confidence.

87. How may we secure a full, prompt and regular attend.
ance?

By making the school-room pleasant and attractive; by
preserving good order; by genuine interest on the part of
the teacher.

88. What benefits arise by reciting in concert ?

It stimulates the timid to overcome their diffidence; it
cultivates the voice, and produces uniformity of expression.

89. How should a word be pronounced for spelling?

Exactly as it should be pronounced in reading.

go. What are some of the most common evils from which
our schools suffer?

Lack of interest on the part of parents and others con-
cerned; frequent change of teachers; diversity of class-
books; ill-qualified teachers; defective supervision.

gt. What should form the foundation for a system of teach-
ing?

The capability of the pupil, the educational means to be
employed, and the manner of performing the work.

92. What ts meant by language lessons?

A simple means of expressing the fundamental principles
of some line of knowledge.

93. What its method?

The way of performing an act.

94. How many methods are there in teaching?

Six: the text-book, oral, Socratic, topical, discussion and
lecture methods.

344 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

95- What is the Socratic method of instruction?

A system of questioning by which the pupil is made to
work out his own problems step by step.

96. When should a pupil commit to memory?

Not until the subject is thoroughly understood. If it
cannot be understood it will be folly to commit it to
memory.

97. What is the great end of school training?

Mental development; the direction of thought towards
the practical pursuits of life; the dispersion of ignorance
and superstition, and the encouragement of a better mode
of living.

98. Should a teacher confine himself to the text-book during
recitation ?

He should use the book as a guide for conducting the
recitation, but under no consideration depend upon it for
the interest of the exercise. As a general rule, a book-
teacher is an uninteresting human machine, a mere tele-
phone that only communicates what the sentences contain.

99. How much review work is necessary?

This cannot be measured. Review work is too impor-
tant to be limited, and should be continued as much as
circumstances will allow.

100, How should your class be placed when reciting?

They should be brought as closely together as possible,
and in a position as convenient to the apparatus of the
school-room as practicable.

1o1. What should a person do who contemplates teaching
Jor the first time?

He should lay out plans in accordance with the best
efforts which he can recall in his experience as a scholar,
or from other observations.

THEORY AND PRACTICE OF TEACHING, 345

102. How do you classify the elements of pedagogics ?

The physical, the intellectual, and the practical.

103. What other names are sometimes applied to these
elements ?

Gymnastics, didactics, and pragmatics.

104. Of what does gymnastics treat?

Of athletic exercises— the training of the muscular
system.

105. Of what does didactics treat?

The art or science of teaching.

106. Of what does pragmatics treat?

The science of business.

107. How ts intelligence divided?

Into perception, conception, and thinking.

108. What ts perception?

The direction of the moral conduct; it is most sensitive
in youth.

109. What is conception?

The faculty of comprehending an idea.

110. What is thinking?

The faculty of calculation, of planning, of reasoning.

111. What are the elements of success in teaching?

Executive power, self-control, thorough knowledge, and
the faculty of imparting such knowledge.

112. Should a pupil be required to report on his own
conduct?

He should not; it is a strong incentive to report incor-
rectly and might lead to untruthfulness.

346 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

113. What important branch of study is often neglected in
our schools?

Spelling.

114. What common branches should receive special
attention ?

Reading, spelling, mental arithmetic, and writing.

115. What constitutes good reading?

A clear, distinct utterance, interspersed with proper
emphasis and expression.

116. Why do you regard mental arithmetic as worthy of
special attention ?

Because it requires the use of language to demonstrate
it; is a wholesome exercise for the mind; and it cultivates
the memory in a practical and useful way.

117. How should primary instruction be given?

Largely by oral explanation.

118. How should parents talk to their children in infancy?

Their language should be as simple and as correct as
possible. ‘They should not exaggerate or deceive. What-
ever is said should be the unqualified truth.

119. What is kindergarten instruction ?

The teaching of young children by the use of objects,
solids, surfaces and outlines. It is a method in which the
eye conveys the idea, rather than the thought.

120. What does the theory and practice of teaching embrace?
The whole science of education, training the mind,
developing thought, and inducing mental activity.

121. Give the names of some of the most important educa-
tional reformers?

Aschan, Montaigne, Ratich, Milton, Locke, Rousseau,
Pestalozzi, Arnold, Mann, Huxley, Spencer, and many
others.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

BOOKKEEPING:

1. What ts bookkeeping?

Bookkeeping is the art of recording business transactions
in a systematic manner to show the true condition of a
business. It is the science of accounts.

2. What is a business transaction?

A business transaction is, strictly, an exchange of equal
values, or regarded as such.

3. What is a debtor?

A debtor is one who receives values.

4. Whatis a creditor?

A creditor is one from whom value is received.

5. State what an account ts.

An account is a collection of all debits and credits
involved in any business transaction, arranged under some
title or heading.

6. Define debits and credits.

Debits are entries against debtors. Credits are entries
in favor of creditors.

7. What ts the proper title for an account?

It is the name by which the person or thing is known.

347

348

COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

Day Book

Lowell, Mass., Oct. 1, 1897.

SMITH, Brown & Co., Gr
By Merchandise, per Invoice,
4
A. B. COMSTOCK, Dr.
To 10 yards Broadcloth @ $5.00, $50.00
“ Linings, etc., 10.00
eames)
E. E. ADAMS, Dr.
To 1 yard Satin $2.00
“ Trimmings, 1.50
8
S. G. RIPLEY, Dr.
To ro yards Cloth @ $4.00, $40.00
S0u ee Cambrici@mae, 6.50
20) ce  Cambrie @size- 2.40
tS) ee DO rillinncs @ 25e;, B75
© 30))e ) Satine; @iaacs 9.90
“6 “ Novelty Goods @ 75c., 4.50
GA
By Cash,
-~1o
Aad sseGs IRTPL EN? Gr

By Cash on Account,

4000

67

50

50

05

50

BOOKKEEPING.

Day Book — Continued

tN

14

A. B. Comstock,
To ro yards Cheviot @ $1.63,
2c Sheeting @ 2c,
“ 20 “ Novelty Goods @ 20c.,

17

SMITH, BROWN & Co.,
To Cash on Account,

17

S. G. RIPLEY,
To 15 yards White Duck @ 20¢.,
LTO co BrownenGo: 3 @s30c:.
“6 pairs Hose @ 75c¢.,

ty
ty

A. B. COMSTOCK,
To 6 yards Drilling @ 25c.,
<i Cap,
‘““ I pair Hose,

27

A. B. COMSTOCK,
By Cash on Account,

27

E. E. ADAMS,
To 13 yards French Cambric @ 25c.,
CON Amee ee SI Ka @esregos
“ Trimmings,

30
E. E. ADAMS,
By Cash in full of Account,

$16.30
3.00
4.00

Dr.

Dr.

$3.00
3.00

4.50

Dr.
$1.50

1.00

0.75

Gr

Dirs
$3.25
21.00
10.00

2000

34

34

349

30

50

25

25

350 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION LOOK,

8. How many and what sides has an account?

Two sides, the left hand or debit side, and the right
hand or credit side.

9. What does each side contain?

The debit side contains the sums for which the account
has become indebted to the business. The credit side
contains the sums for which the business has become
indebted to the account.

10. What does each side show?

The debit side shows resources and losses. The credit
side shows liabilities and gains.

11. What are resources, assets, or effects?

Property belonging to a person, firm or corporation is
thus termed according to certain conditions.

12. What are liabilities?

All the debts and obligations of a business or corporation.

13. What ts the balance of an account?

The difference between the two sides.

14. Lf the balance ts on the debit side, what is shown?
Either a resource or a loss.

15. Lf the balance ts on the credit side, what is shown?
Either a liability or a gain.

56: Flow are accounts classified?

As real or financial, representative a business.

17. Define real accounts.

Real accounts are those which represent resources, or
liabilites, such as cash, notes receivable, notes payable,
and personal accounts.

BOOKKEEPING, 351

18. Define representative accounts.

Representative accounts are those that represent gains
or losses, as merchandise, real estate, etc.

19. What two systems of bookkeeping are there?

Single entry and double entry.

20. What advantage has one over the other?

The main distinction is that while in single entry a
record is kept of resources and liabilities, in double entry,
a similar and additional record is kept of gains and losses.
In single entry an account is kept with but one party to
the transaction, either the debtor or creditor. In double
entry an account is kept with both parties.

21. What books are necessary in single entry?

Day book, journal, cash book, and ledger.

22. Kor what is the day book used?

To record business transactions as they occur.

23. What particulars of a business transaction should be
recorded ?

The date, the transaction, the name of the person, firm
or corporation, nature of payment, items with price.

24. Lllustrate.

June 1, 1898, Bought of John Arms, for my note at 60
days, roo bbls. flour @ ¢5.

25. Whatwill be shown at any time by acash book properly
balanced?

The amount of cash on hand.

26. How often, in practice, should the cash balance be
verified ?

At the close of each business day.

27. Lf the cash book ts correctly kept, how will the debit and
credit sides compare? '

The debit side will usually exceed the credit side. If

COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

on”

“9

| |

“u)

0002

oooy

oooPr

‘sourreg ,, | of »
‘gse9, Ag 2a. | 96
Z6g1

19
SS | 9g
ie tS
ols Me (Se-

09

AIOLSWOD °f *V

c

‘souvjeg Ag | 1 | ‘Aon
‘asipueyosoyy Ag | 1 ‘pO
L681

ooor
o000z

000c

‘OD ® NMOUW ‘HLINS

1

JospoT

‘souereg OF | I | “Aon

‘asipuvyoisyy OF, | P 290
Z6g1

“Ad

‘sourreq ,, | of ”
‘yse9 oy, | Zr | 190
Z6g1

“Aq

353

BOOKKEEPING.

o So | oz ‘gourreg OL | I AON
gs | Zz g$ | ZL
So | oz ‘gourreg ,, | of nA

of | Z ” » | OL ” oS | o1 ” ” a ”
0S ‘yseg fq | 9 | 1290 So | Lo ‘gsipueyoiay OL | g | 90
L6g1 Z6g1

“42 AAT ALA Saas a OG

4
A ie = cz | Le S a

ff Sz Pe ” ” LG ”
SN 4s tuseg fg | of | 290 Osaies ‘gsipueyoley oy | S IO
Z6g1 Z6g1

4D SME UE (Tod 4d

5

penunuog — laspayT

354 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the credit exceeds the debit it shows that the account at
the bank has been overdrawn, or that some account on the
debit side has been omitted, or that more has been entered
on the credit side than has been paid out.

28. Give particulars as to use of ledger.

The ledger is the final book of entry. It contains a
record of all the debits and credits in every business trans-
action. These debits and credits are arranged under
appropriate heads, and give, in a condensed form, a state-
ment of financial standing.

29. Give abbreviations used in bookkeeping for the follow-
ing terms: at, account, debtor, creditor, merchandise, the same.

@, a/c; (Dr, Cr, Mdse:;, Da: vor ditto:

30. How is an account closed?

An account is closed when its debtor and creditor sides
are made equal in amount.

31. What ts the object of closing an account?

To keep it from becoming too long, or too large, and
also, when there is a balance, to separate it from the rest
of the account, so that when it is closed, and the balance
brought down, the account may begin again with but one
sum.

32. Rule paper in proper form for day book, cash book,
and ledger, single entry. Make entries of the following items,
and balance cash book and ledger.

Lowell, Mass., Oct. 1, 1897. Invested cash, $2,500.
Paid for advertising, ¢8. Bought of Smith, Brown & Co.,
New York, on account, merchandise, per invoice, $4,000.
Received cash for sales this day, $115.25.

Oct. 4. Sold A. B. Comstock, on account, 10 yards
broadcloth @ ¢5; linings, buttons, etc., gro. Paid for
postage, $2.50.

Oct. 5. Sold E. E. Adams, on account, one yard satin,

BOOKKEEPING. 355

$2; trimmings, $1.50. Received cash for sales this day,
$88.75.

Oct. 8. Sold S. G. Ripley, ro yards cloth @ $4; 50
yards cambric @ 13 cents; 20 yards cambric @ 12 cents;
15 yards drilling @ 25 cents; 30 yards satine @ 33 cents;
6 yards novelty cloth @ 75 cents. Received cash on
account, $50.

Octs no. Paidscash for coal, gro. 5S. G; Ripley paid
cash on account $7.50.

Oct. 14. Sold A. B. Comstock, on account, 10 yards
black cheviot @ $1.63; 25 yards sheeting @ 12 cents;
20 yards novelty goods @ 20 cents. Paid cash for postage,
$1.50.

Oct. 17. Paid Smith, Brown & Co., on account, $2,000.
Sold S. G. Ripley, on account, 15 yards white duck @ 20
cents; 10 yards brown do. @ 30 cents; 6 pairs hose @ 75
cents.

Oct. 22. Sold A. B. Comstock, on account, 6 yards
drilling @ 25 cents; 1 cap, $1; 1 pair hose, 75 cents.
Paid cash for rent, $50.

Oct. 27. Received cash, on account, of A. B. Comstock,
$25. Sold E. E. Adams, on account, 13 yards cloth @ 25
cents; 14 yards silk @ ¢1.50; trimmings, $10.

Oct. 30. Received o E. E. Adams cash, to balance
account, ¢

33. What books are used in double entry?

Day book, journal, ledger, cash book, sales book, invoice
book, bill book, pass book, and time book.

34. What ts the use of the gournal?

It is the intermediate book (but usually united with the
journal) between the day book and the ledger. It contains
a classified list of all debits and credits previously recorded
in the day book. Its use is to facilitate the transfer of
debits and credits to the ledger.

356 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

35- What term is applied to classifying debts and credits?

Journalizing.

36. What ts posting?

The transferring of the debits and credits of the journal,
cash book, etc., to the ledger.

37. What ts the use of the invoice book?

To record goods bought, from whom purchased, and on
what terms.

38. What does the sales book contain?

A record of all merchandise sold, and the terms of the
sale.

39. Lor what ts a bill or note book used?

To record all notes received and acceptances issued to
others, by the business.

40. What ts gain?

There is gain when property produces more than it costs.

41. What ts loss?

There is loss when property costs more than it produces.

42. Lf the debits and credits of a ledger agree is it positive
proof of the correctness of the work?

It is not. The items may have been posted to wrong
accounts, or the debits and credits may have been reversed,
and still, the work, though wrong, may balance.

43. What is a notes receivable account?

An account of notes and bills due the firm.

44. Whatis a notes payable account?

An account of notes and bills issued to other parties by
the firm.

45. What is merchandise?

Goods, wares, or anything bought and sold.

BOOKKEEPING. 357

46. What are personal accounts?

Accounts with persons, firms, or corporations.

47. What ts an investment?

A certain amount of money, or its equivalent in property,
put into a business.

48. Whatis a net investment?

It is the amount of the investment after withdrawals
have been made. If no withdrawals it is the total invest-
ment.

49. Define capital.

Capital is the whole investment of a business or of an
individual.

50. What ts insolvency?

It is the condition of a business that cannot pay its
debts. The liabilities exceed the resources.

51. Formulate a general rule for determining the debits and
credits in any business transaction,

Debit whatever is received, and credit whatever is given
out, or sold. This is the law of bookkeeping.

52. When should the proprietor of a business be debited, and
when credited?

He should be debited for what he draws from the
business, and for his share of the losses. He should be
credited for investments, when made, and for his share of
the gain.

53. When should cash account be debited, and when
credited?

It should be debited for all money received, and credited
for all money paid out.

54. When should notes receivable account be debited, and
when credited?

It should be debited for the notes, drafts, etc.,

358 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

received, and credited when they are paid, or otherwise
disposed of.

55. When should notes payable account be debited, and
when credited ?

It should be debited for all notes and acceptances
redeemed, and credited when they are issued.

56. When should merchandise be debited, and when credited?

Debit merchandise bought; credit what it produces.

57. Why are all persons whom the firm owes, credited?

To show how much the firm owes each person; but the
merchandise or thing received is debited.

58. Why zs all property sold, credited?

To show how much is sold.

59: Why ts cash, deposited or paid out, credited?

To show how much is paid out.

60. Why are all gains credited under appropriate titles?

To show the amount gained.*

61. How are resources shown on the ledger?

By an excess of the debit side of financial accounts.

62. How are liabilities shown on the ledger?

By an excess of the credit side of financial accounts.

63. How are gains shown on the ledger?

By an excess of the credit side of business accounts.

64. How are losses shown on the ledger?

By an excess of the debit side of business accounts.

65. How ascertain the value of merchandise unsold?

By taking an inventory.

*Every account of a transaction is both Dr. and Cr., but only one
term is used in summarizing.

BOOKKEEPING. 359

66. What ts an inventory?

A detailed list, with cost-prices of property, goods, etc.,
on hand.

67. What ts the object of closing a ledger?

To ascertain both the present condition of a business,
and its progress. Its present condition is shown by a list
of its resources and liabilities. Its progress is shown by a
list of its gains or losses.

68. What class of accounts ts closed into loss and gain?

Business accounts.

69. What class of accounts is closed into the balance
account?

Financial accounts.

70. What ts a trial balance?

A test of the correctness of ledger account.

71. What does a balance sheet contain?

A systematic arrangement of facts for the purpose of
showing, at a glance, the condition of a business.

72. Rule paper and arrange the following items to show the
use of day book, journal and ledger in double entry:

New York, Sept. 1, 1897. Bought of James Monroe, on
account, 5000 barrels of flour @ ¢1o.

Sept. 2. Sold Andrew Jackson, for cash, 100 barrels of
flour @ $10.50.

73. What is a receipt?

A receipt is a written or printed acknowledgment of
the acceptance of money, or whatever is specified therein.

360 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

1. Day Book
New York, September 1, 1897.

Bought of JAMES MONROE, on Account,

500 bbls. Flour @ $10.00 5000
2
Sold ANDREW Jackson, for Cash,
100 bbls. Flour @ $10.50, 1050
2. Journal
New York, September 1, 1897.
Dr. Cr.
I | Merchandise, Dr. || 5000
2 To James Monroe, 5000
3 | Cash, Dr. \| 1050
To Merchandise, Toso
3. Ledger
Dis MERCHANDISE GA
1897 1897
Sept.) 1 | To J. Monroe, | 1 | 5000 Sept.| 2} By Cash, I || 1050
Dr. JAMES MONROE Cr.
1897
Sept | 1] By Mdse., I || 5000
Dr. CASH Cr.
1897

Sept.| 2| To Mdse., I | 1050

361

BOOKKEEPING.

Sz | 2SZ¢ ‘puvy uo ysed oF | I | ‘AON
ape peer oa Sz | bzgz¢ | ey
“Se “eSL ‘sourreg 4, 1€ i GL Oise jolene gray i) (eh ”
oo | oS VUONT Ten |S C Fi 00 cz ‘yo03swIoD “q ‘VY » | 4z D
00 | cooz || * ‘umMoIg » yWWS ,, | ZI . OS) ieZ 0 pH || OU ”
of | 1 ‘98ejsog ,, | FI 00 | oS ‘Kading 5's) 0/8 es
oo | o1 GEODi yy | Ol - SZ | gg i a eS ”
oS | z ‘gdejsog ,, | af Siz) SIIK ‘gsipueyolayy 4, | I 5
00 | 8 ‘Suisiaapy Aq | 1 | *19Q ||| 00 | o0Sz¢. Sueujsaauy oy | 1 | 290
L691 | L6gt
70) : Ad

yse9

362 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

74. Write a receipt for rent in proper form.

$30.00 Albany, N.Y., June 1, 1899.

Received from James L. Foote, the sun of
Thirty and 2°. Dollars, on account of rent of

premises for the month ending
May 31, 1899.

Walter Penniman.

75. What ts a promissory note ?

It is a written promise to pay to the order of a certain
party, or to bearer, a stated sum of money, at a specified
time.

76. What is a joint note?

A joint note is one which two or more persons jointly
promise to pay. Each person signing a joint note is liable
for only his share.

77. Write a non-interest bearing joint note.

on Yonkers, N.V., Aug. 8, 1899.

Sixty days after date we promise to pay
to the order of Arthur W. Chippendak,
Sixty-five and 7, Dollars, at the Yonkers

National Bank. Value received.

Willam C. Fones.
Florace M. Chase.

Wo: 42: Due, Oct. 7, 709:

BOOKKEEPING, 303

78. What is a joint and several note?

It is one which two or more persons jointly and severally
promise to pay. Each person signing such a note is held
liable for the whole amount, if the others fail to pay their
shares.

79. What is a negotiable note?

One that may be bought and sold, or negotiated. It is
made payable to the bearer, or to the order of the payee.

80. What ts an indorsement?

An indorsement makes the indorser, or the one who
writes his name on the back of the note, liable unless he
adds “without recourse” for the payment of the note, if
the maker fails to pay it when due.

81. What ts an indorsement in full?

It is one in which the indorser limits the payment of the
note to some particular party.

82. What is meant by the renewal of a note?

When the maker of a note can not pay it when it matures,
oftentimes the holder consents to a renewal by receiving a
new note for such a sum as when discounted will net the
amount due on the old note.

83. What ts a draft?

A draft is an order from one bank or mercantile house
to another to pay a specified sum of money to a third
party.

84. Give terms applied to the person who writes the draft,

the one to whom the draft is made payable, and the one on
whom the draft ts drawn.

Drawer, drawee, payee.
85. What ts a bill of exchange?

A request, or order, from one bank or commercial
house to another for the payment of money to a third

364 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

person named or to his order. It is frequently called a
draft.

86. What is a check?

A written order for money, drawn on a bank, banker, or
bank cashier, payable on demand without interest, to the
person named therein, or to his order, or to bearer. The
word is now generally spelled “cheque.”

87. How does one certify a bank check?

By stamping, or writing across its face, Good, when
properly indorsed, for ¢ ;

Cashier or Teller.

88. Of what use is a certified bank check?

It guarantees the genuineness of the signature of the
maker, and also that there are sufficient funds on deposit
to the credit of the drawer to pay the face of the check.

89. What is a certificate of deposit?

A written instrument issued by a bank certifying that
the person named therein has deposited a certain sum of
money to the credit of himself, or some other person,
payable when said certificate, properly indorsed, is
returned.

90. What ts a clearing house?

A place where bankers meet and make daily settlements
with each other, by paying and receiving the difference
between their accounts which arises from the checks drawn
by the depositors of the various banks.

gt. Ls the bank debited or credited when a check is drawn
on it?

Credited.

92. Ls cash debited or credited, when cash, or its equivalent
zs received?

Debited.

BOOKKEEPING. 365

93. What is meant by the acceptance of a bill or draft?

It is a promise made by the drawee, when the bill is
presented, to pay it at maturity. The draft then becomes
equivalent to a promissory note.

94. What is a protest?

A statement in writing, made by a notary public, at the
request of the holder of a note, notifying the maker and
the indorser of its non-payment when due.

95. What ts a bill?

A bill is a written statement from the creditor to the
debtor, specifying the nature and amount of the debt and
when incurred.

96. Make a bill in proper form, and receipt it.

Medford, Mass., May 11, 1899.
John Wilham Jay
Bought of White & Smith.

May| 2 | 700 bbls, Flour @ $6.50, $650 | oo
ORO GONE OE $5.90, 295 | 00
66 Q| re0-. $8 “  @ $9.00, goo | 0O

Received Payment, $7845 00.
White & Smith. =

97. What ts an account current?

An account current is a running, or unsettled account.
It is sometimes used to show only the debtor side of the
account, each party rendering to the other an account of
his debits only.

366 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

98. Write a draft in proper form.

| GS Li Boston, Mas 189
H | Pay to the
nD
i! | order of The aL Wational Bank
= | Dollars,
a | | Value received, and charge the same to
S | account of
Zi | Zo

| ae

| )

99. What are days of grace?

The time allowed (three days) by law after the maturity
of a bill before it must be paid. It is not allowed in every
State.

100. Whatis a due bill?

A written or printed acknowledgment of indebtedness,

signed by the debtor.

101. Write a due bill in proper form.

$60.00 Boston, Mass., Dec. 4, 1899.

Due to Edgar J. Thomson, on demand,
Sixty Dollars, with interest from date

at 6 per cent, until paid.
Wilham Burt.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

OND

DRAWING.

1. What is the aim of drawing?

The aim of drawing is to secure culture through the
senses by which we apprehend the forms of things.

2. What are the ends to be secured?

A sensitiveness to beauty, an intelligent appreciation of
beautiful things, the power to make them beautiful, and to
reveal beauty to others.

3. How can such ends be secured?

A course in drawing must be shaped upon the broadest
lines; beginning with the simple ideas and crude tastes of
the child, it should develop his latent powers to the utmost.

4. In early education which should precede, the study of
form or of color? Why?

Color. The element of interest must be brought into
this study, and it is believed that color is more interesting
than form. Moreover, it is believed that children notice
masses of color before they pay attention to form.

5. Should the study begin with objects? If so, with what
objects, natural or artificial?

It should begin with natural objects. Plant forms are
the best.

367

368 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

6. What apparatus is necessary in the study of color?

A prism, pigments, colored paper, brush, colored cray-
ons, etc.

7. What are the ends to be worked for in the first study
of color?

The habit of observing color, refinement of the color sense,
appreciation of harmonious coloring, intelligent appreciation
of natural beauty and power to express it, appreciation of
beauty in ornament and power to express it.

8. As the study of color progresses, what points should be
introduced ?

The spectrum should be studied with the tints and
shades of the seven standard colors, scales of tones, groups
of analogous colors, analogous harmony, complementary
colors, effects of juxtaposition, etc.

9. Upon what is form study based, and how applied?

Upon the study of geometrical solids and all that per-
tains to them, surface, lines, etc. By studying forms in
nature and the arts similar to these type forms.

10. Considered with reference to perspective elements, what
should be the first results of form study?

A habit of imaging clearly the shapes of things, knowledge
of space relations, appreciation of the phenomena of
appearance, and power to express them correctly.

11. Give illustration of pictorial drawing?

DRAWING, 369

12. Whatis the object of pictorial drawing in its early stages?

The power to draw freely and effectively, and apprecia-
tion of the elements of composition.

13. Define free-hand drawing.

It is drawing produced by the hand and guided by the
eye without the use of any auxiliary instruments.

14. State how a decorative drawing differs from a picture,

It differs in that its purpose is to give pleasure by beau-
tifying the object to which it is added, while the purpose of
a picture is to give pleasure in itself.

15. Mention points to be remembered in decorative design.

Beauty is the ultimate aim in decorative design. Fitness
to purpose is an underlying principle of decoration. That
which is used for decoration should not be of more import-
ance than the object decorated, and should not detract
from the usefulness of the object.

16, Define unit of design.

A part repeated to form a design is called a unit of that
design.

17. What are the sources of materials for decorative design?

Geometrical figures and natural forms.

18. Define conventionalization.

Keeping the general characteristics of a natural form,
omitting details and accidents of growth, is called conven-
tionalization.

19. What are the elementary principles of arrangement for
decorative purposes?
Symmetry, repetition, and alternation.

20. Give illustration of arrangement of natural unit in

decorative design.

370 COMMON SCHOOL..QUESTION BOOK.

21. Jn drawing from objects, should mechanical directions
be followed?

It is better to sketch and critically compare with the
object again and again rather than to follow detailed
directions.

22. How much practice should there be in drawing
geometric forms ?

Practice should be given until the figures and their
details can be drawn from memory.

23. Lllustrate the drawing of an object involving the oval.

24. What is perspective drawing?
Perspective drawing is the representation of an object
presenting the same appearance as the object itself.

25. Why does the appearance of an object differ from the
reality?

Because of its position and distance from the observer.
Position affects the eu rage form o an object and dis-
tance the apparent size.

26. State the principle of perspective..

Lines parallel to the picture plane retain their direction
in perspective. Lines not parallel to the ‘picture ‘plane
appear to converge as they recede from the eye. Ail
horizontal lines not parallel to the picture plane vanish at
the level of the eye. ;

DRAWING. 370

27. What ts the vanishing point?
The point toward which any set of parallel lines con-
verges.

28. What ts fore-shortening?

It is the representation of objects pointing more or less
directly toward the spectator standing away from a plane
perpendicular to the spectator’s line of sight, but shown in
such a manner as to convey to the mind the impression
of their just length.

29. Give illustration involving one set of retreating parallels,

30. Upon what does unity in a group depend?

Upon the relations between objects as to kind, size, posi-
tion. Upon emphasis of principal object and subordina-
tion of details. Upon concentration of interest by means
of leading lines and action or movement.

31. Upon what does the harmony of a group depend?

Upon the balance of one mass with another or upon the
relations of its principal lines.

32. What is composition in drawing?

It is the choice and arrangement of objects for the pur-
pose of arranging them pictorially with special reference to
beauty of effect.

33. Give meaning of light and shade as applied in
drawing?

It is the result produced by representing in a drawing

272 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

the effect of light, shade, and shadow. Light is usually
assumed to come from above and the left. In this case
the shadows would be on the right side and the lower part
also.

34. What ts a view ?

It is a drawing showing the facts of form.

35. Ldlustrate by a view in light and shade.

36. Define constructive drawing.

Constructive drawing is that branch of the subject which
gives the facts of objects, and from which objects may be
constructed.

37. Give example of working and pictorial drawing and
developed pattern of cylinder.

38. What is a bilateral form?

It is one having an axis of symmetry, that is, one that
may be divided into two parts that balance.

DRAWING. 373

39. Lllustrate bilateral form.

40. Define style in drawing.

Style means character. Every style depends upon what
is peculiar to it, never on what it has in common with
other styles.

41. What are the leading styles of historic ornament?

Egyptian | Byzantine
Ancient Greek Medizval ) Saracenic
Roman | Gothic

Modern { Renaissance.

42. Mention some of the characteristics of Greek style.

Estheticism, artistic finish, simplicity, conventional-
ization.

43. What are the peculiarities of the Saracenic style?

Rigid exclusion of symbolism, geometric symmetry and
gorgeous color effects.

44. What is meant by the Renaissance?

It is the style that has prevailed during the last five
centuries. It is a re-birth of classic styles and estheticism.

45. What is necessary to an intelligent appreciation of the
works of art?

The study of the best pictures.

374 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

46. What is industrial drawing in its broadest sense?

It includes mechanical and free-hand outline drawing,
light and shade, and color, from both artificial and natural
objects, and structural, decorative, and pictorial designs.
The scope of modern manufacture allows no element in
drawing to be eliminated.

47. Give sketch of outdoor perspective.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
ON

ALCOHOL, AND, TOBACCO

AND THEIR EFFECTS UPON THE HUMAN SYSTEM.

1. How and by whom was alcohol discovered?

It is said that Paracelsus, a chemist of the fourteenth
century, accidentally discovered alcohol, and upon testing
its power boasted of having found the essence of life, the
power to cure the weak, and the great benefactor of man-
kind.

2. What is alcohol?

A liquid obtained from the fermentation and distillation
of fruits and grains.

3. What must be the condition of fruits or grains to produce
alcohol?

They must pass into a stage of decomposition or rot.
This occurs only where sugar or starch is one of the
ingredients.

4. What are the chemical properties of alcohol?

It will not freeze; it burns without smoke; it readily
dissolves gums and oils and forms various mixtures; it is
used in preserving meats, in perfumery, in thermometers,
in varnishes, in spirit lamps, in medicines, and in the
practice of various arts.

375

376 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

5. How does alcohol preserve meats, insects or animals?

It absorbs the water in them and prevents decay.

6. What are the beverages most largely composed of
alcohol?

Whiskey, brandy, rum and:gin. These are the principal
forms of distillations, although scores of mixtures are
formed.

7. What are some of the beverages not so largely composed
of this fluid?

Wine, beer, ale and cider.

8. What is the difference between alcohol and whiskey?

Alcohol is the pure spirit, too strong for human drink,
while whiskey is alcohol doctored to meet the taste.

9. What ts intoxication?

Drunkenness, paralysis of the brain, a condition of
mental stupor.

10. What is the difference between food and alcohol?

Food nourishes and sustains the body; alcohol excites
the nervous system, clouds the intellect, poisons the blood
and injures the body.

11. What ts the difference between fermentation and
distillation ?

Fermentation is a simple process of nature in the juices
of fruits and grains. Distillation is the process of taking
out the alcohol found in fermentation.

12. Whatis a still, and how does it work?

A boiler in which a liquid containing alcohol is placed.
The alcohol rises in a vapor, which is carried by a tube
through a cask of cold water and condensed, passing out
of the tube in a liquid form stronger than the one boiled.

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO. 377

13. What ts the worm of the still? What ts the worm-
tub?

The worm is the tube before mentioned which, in pass-
ing through the cold water, is coiled spirally, like a worm,
in order to have a greater surface for cooling. ‘The worm-
tub is the cask holding the tube or worm.

14. What are malt liquors?

Those manufactured from malt and hops; they are beer,
ale and porter.

15- How is malt made?

By placing a quantity of wet barley in a warm room and
allowing it to sprout, after which it is dried in a furnace
and ground.

16. What parts of the body are affected by the use of
alcohol?

The stomach, the heart, the liver, the lungs, the muscles,
the blood, the brain, the skin, the bones — in fact, every
part of the body.

17. Give the circulation of alcohol in the body.

After being taken into the stomach the organs reject it
as of no use in nourishment, and it’ is absorbed by the
veins and carried to the liver, which in turn forces it on to
the heart; thence it is driven to the lungs, and by the
action of the atmosphere a large proportion is drawn off
with the breath and the body is relieved from the poison
which it could not use, but a part of this fiery fluid which
does not escape is carried by the blood to the brain, where
it produces excitement, madness and stupefaction.

18. Js there any nourishment in alcohol?

None whatever. Its immediate effect is to quicken
pulsation and arouse the vital forces of the body.

378 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

19. How does this fluid assist in restoring the low pulsa-
tion of an invalid?

It quickens immediately the vital forces, and by the use
of medicines or nourishments the system is sustained,
otherwise the excitement would die out and the system
would fall to a lower standard than before taking the
stimulation.

20. What does alcohol do to the stomach?

It prevents the proper action of the gastric juice on the
food taken for nourishment.

21. What experiment will prove this assertion?

Take some of the juice from the stomach of a calf which
has just been killed, and mix alcohol with it, and you will
notice a chemical action upon the pepsin, which prevents
its work upon the food. In other words, the food is pre-
served until the stomach can throw it off and begin diges-
tion.

22. How is this proved by actual experience in man?

Some men were paid their week’s wages just after dinner
on Saturday. They got drunk and remained so until the
next day at noon. On coming back to consciousness they
were very sick, and an emetic was given to them which
brought up their Saturday’s dinner just as it had gone into
their stomachs. The food had been preserved by the
alcohol, and relief could come only by vomiting.

23. Why do some people take a glass of liquor before
eating ?

Simply to gratify their taste. The plea of improving
the appetite is only an excuse to cover up a practice in
which they wish to indulge.

24. What disease is liable to attack the person who con-
tinues drinking alcoholic beverages?

Dyspepsia.

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO. 379

25. What effect do contagious diseases have upon habitual
drinkers, and why?

The mortality is especially great in cases of cholera and
yellow fever. The reason is that the body is not in con-
dition to battle with disease. The stomach, kidneys, liver,
and lungs are weak, the blood is poisoned and the reagent
force of the constitution wrecked.

26. What causes the redness of the nose and skin?

The skin is called into greater action to throw off a part
of the alcohol taken into the system. The pores and
blood-vessels of the skin become larger in this exertion,
and the quantity of blood gives the color.

27. What does alcohol do to the heart?
It overworks it, makes it tired, loads it with fat and
weakens the power of action.

28. What does tt do to the blood-vessels?

It stimulates the circulation, hurries the blood in its
course, stretches the small arteries and makes them unfit
for work.

29. How does it act upon the lungs?

It causes them to work too fast, heats and inflames
them, hardens the walls of the air-cells, and prevents the
air from purifying the blood.

30. How does it affect the brain?

Parts of the nerves, spinal cord and brain are composed
of a white substance called albumen; when alcohol comes
into contact with this substance it absorbs the water and
thickens the albumen, which action paralyzes these organs
so that they lose their power of action, the limbs cannot
carry the body, and the brain refuses to understand.

31. Why does a drunken man have imperfect vision?

The nerves of the eye are strained by the excitement and
stupor, and do not report to the brain a correct vision.

380 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

32. How does alcohol injure the liver?

By hardening and preventing its action in removing the
waste matter which should be carried off.

33. How does it affect the kidneys?

They become fatty and waxlike, and this condition leads
to dropsy and other forms of degeneration.

34. How does it injure the mind?

Whatever injures the brain weakens the power of thought
and destroys the intellect.

35. How do we know that alcohol is a poison?

If taken in sufficient quantities it almost immediately
produces death. In such cases the animal has all the
appearance of poisoning. Nature declares that it is a
poison, although by habitual but moderate use the system
becomes accustomed to its presence, holding in check the
slow fire which is impairing the constitution, producing a
poisoned blood, diseased kidneys, indigestion and the slow
destruction of the mind, the brain, the heart and the
nerves.

36. Do habitual drinkers crave the taste of liquors?

It is often the case that the first glass in the morning is
hard to swallow; it is nauseating to the stomach, and can
be endured only by bracing the physical powers. The
drink is taken for the effect, no longer for the pleasure of
the palate. There is a demand for something to arouse the
sinking forces, to stimulate, to overcome the deadness of
the heart and to produce a new excitement.

37. Does alcohol protect from cold?

It imparts warmth only by imagination. No new heat
is infused into the system, but by quickened pulsation the
blood is forced rapidly over the body, and whatever heat
is imparted to the outer surface is at the general expense
of the internal heat; and when the pulsation returns to its

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO. 381

normal rate the body has lost more heat and has become
weaker than it would have been if the excitement had not
been given. ‘

38. What ts the experience of sailors in cases of shipwreck
and great exposure?

Those who take liquor under these circumstances do not
withstand the cold as well as those who refuse to drink.

39. How could alcohol be used under such circumstances
and become a benefit to those exposed?

By turning it into their boots or against the parts liable
to freeze. This would be a means of outward protection
by which the internal forces would not be disturbed.

40. Knowing the evil effects of drink, why do people con-
tinue to harbor its presence, protect its sale and defend its
influence ?

This is a mystery which has still to be explained, but the
fact remains that the influence of liquor is increasing, its
effects are more dangerous, and its power more grasping.
It is not, however, in as general private use in homes and
residences as it was some generations ago. Again, wines
and beer have taken the place of the more potent liquids.

TOBACCO.

41. When was tobacco discovered and when introduced to
the people of civilization ?

It was discovered by Columbus in 1492. It was taken
to Spain in 1496; to France in 1560; to England in 1586.

42. What is the difference in effect between alcohol and
tobacco?

One excites, while the other soothes the nerves and often
produces sleep.

43. What poisonous elements are found in tobacco smoke?

Carbonic acid, carbonic oxide, ammonia and nicotine.

382 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

44. What ts the effect of carbonic acid?

It causes sleepiness and headache.

45. What ts the effect of carbonic oxide?

It causes trembling of the muscles and heart.

46. What effect does ammonia produce?

It bites the tongue and makes too much work for the
salivary glands.

47. What ts nicotine?

It is a very poisonous element, strong in odor and bitter
to the taste, and is the principal pain-soothing and sleep-
producing element of tobacco. It is a narcotic.

48. What effect does nicotine produce?

It produces weakness, nervousness, dizziness, nausea,
faintness, loss of strength, and stupor, and, if taken in
large quantities, convulsions and death.

49. Give some of the actions of tobacco on the human
body.

It taints the saliva; injures the sense of smell, taste,
sight and hearing; causes ‘smokers’ sore throat;” injures
the stomach, causing dyspepsia, etc.; often takes away
the appetite for wholesome food; irritates the air-cells of
the lungs; causes palpitation of the heart; weakens the
muscles, causing trembling; injures the eyes and stupefies
the brain and nerves.

50. Give some account of its action on the mind,

It makes the memory poor; lessens the power to think;
weakens the will; makes people grow in selfishness and
impoliteness; often leads to bad company; and some-
times causes insanity.

51. What mode of using tobacco is most injurious?

The habit of smoking cigarettes, because they contain

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO. 383

an inordinate amount of nicotine, refuse matter and often
opium or narcotic extracts.

52. What is opium?

It isthe juice obtained from the seed-vessel of the white
poppy before it is ripe. When dried, it is somewhat dark
in color and bitter to the taste.

53. Ls zt dangerous to use?

It is the most dangerous of drugs when used habitually,
as few can resist its influence when once the system has
become accustomed to it. Its first effects are pleasant and
exhilarating, but it afterward produces a misery which can
be relieved only by another potion; thus the habit becomes
a cruel and unrelenting slavery.

54. What are laudanum and morphine?

They are products of opium, and should be used only
under the orders of a physician.

55. What is hashish?

A powerful narcotic, prepared from the hemp plant
grown in hot countries. It is used extensively among the
people of warm climates, and is a terribly exciting poison.

56. What ts the areca nut, and where ts it found?

It is the seed of a kind of palm, and resembles a nutmeg.
It is mixed with quick-lime and wrapped in a betel-leaf,
which grows on a vine belonging to the pepper family.
The mixture reddens the saliva and lips and blackens the
teeth. It is chewed by millions of people in India.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

CIVike'GOVERNVIEN TT:

1. What ts a Constitution?

The established form of government of a state, kingdom
or country.

2. What is a preamble?

A formal and explanatory introduction.

3. What are legislative powers, and where are they vested
in the United States?

The right to make laws; this right is vested in a Congress
of the United States.

4. What ts the Senate?

The upper branch of Congress.

5. What ts the House of Representatives?

The House of Representatives is the lower branch of
Congress.

6. How are Senators and Representatives elected, and for
how long a term?

Senators are elected by the legislatures of the States for a
term of six years, each State being entitled to two Senators;
Representatives are elected by the people for a term of :wo
year’s, each State being represented according to its popu-
lation.

385

336 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

7. How old must a Representative be, and how long a
citizen of the United States?

Twenty-five years old, and seven years a citizen.

8. What ts an elector ?

A citizen entitled to vote.

9. Whatis a census?

An official enumeration of the people, with the statement
of their property, pursuits, age, etc.

10. Low often is it taken, and what important purpose
does it serve?

It is taken once in ten years, and each census furnishes
a new basis of apportioning the number of Representatives
to the several States.

t1. Lf vacancies happen in the representation of any State,
how are they filled?
By the executive authority of the State.

12. What ts a writ of election?

A writing issued to an officer or officers to give notice of
an election to be held.

13. How does the House of Representatives organize itself

Jor work?

By electing a speaker and other officers.

14. What sole power has this branch of Congress?

That of impeachment.

15. What is tmpeachment?

An accusation or charge brought against a public officer
for misconduct in office.

16. Lnto how many classes are the Senators divided?

Three, one class being elected every two years.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 387

17. Who is president of the Senate? Can he vote?

The Vice-President of the United States presides over
the Senate, and may vote only when the Senate is equally
divided.

18. Should a vacancy occur in the Senate, what ts to be
done?

The executive of the State may make a temporary
appointment, until the next meeting of the legislature.

19. How old must a Senator be, and how long a citizen of
the United States?

Thirty years of age and nine years a citizen.
20. Who becomes president of the S:nate when the Vice-
President ts absent?

The Senate elects one pro tempore.

21. What sole power belongs to the Senate?

That of trying all impeachments.

22. How may the President of the United States be pun-
ished for misdemeanor in office?

He may be impeached by the House of Representatives,
and tried by the Senate, the Chief Justice presiding. The
conviction shall be by the concurrence of two-thirds of the
Senators present.

23. What judgment can the Senate declare against a con-
victed President?

His punishment cannot extend beyond removal from
office, and disqualification to hold any office of honor, trust
or profit under the United States.

24. Lfan officer is removed from office by an impeachment
trial, is he subject to the common law?

He is liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment,
and punishment, according to law, if the offence is criminal.

388 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

25. Whatis a judgment? What ts an indictment?

A judgment is the sentence pronounced by the judge or
court by whom a person is tried. An indictment is a writ-
ten accusation of crime made by a grand jury.

‘
26. What are an oath and an affirmation?

An oath is a solemn declaration, made with an appeal to
God as to the truth of what is stated. An affirmation isa
solemn declaration, made by one who is unwilling to take
an oath.

27. What officers does the Senate choose?

All its officers except its president.

28. What is the meaning of pro tempore?

‘For the time being.”

29. Who appoints the times, places, and manner of holding
elections of Senators and Representatives ?

They are prescribed in each State by the legislature
thereof; but Congress may at any time by law make or

alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators.

30. Lf disputes arise in election returns, how are they to be
decided?

Each house is judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its own members.

31. How many does it require to do business?

A majority; but a smaller number may compel the
attendance of absent members, in such manner and under
such penalties as each house may provide.

32. What power has each house over its members?

It may punish them for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two-thirds, expel a member.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 389

33. Can either house adjourn at pleasure?
Not for more than three days, without the consent of
the other house.

34. Must each house keep a record (or journal) of its

proceedings? *

It must, in the form of a journal, which shall be printed
unless secrecy is required.

35. When shall the yeas and nays be entered on the
Journal?

When one-fifth of those present require it.

36. When shall Congress assemble?

On the first Monday in December; but it may be con-
vened by the President, when necessary, or Congress may
adjourn from time to time.

37. How do members receive compensation ?

The amount is fixed by law; and it is paid out of the

- treasury of the United States.

38. May a member be arrested while Congress is in

session ?

Only for felony, treason, or breach of the peace.

39. How is the privilege of free speech preserved to mem-
bers of Congress?

No member may be questioned in any other place as to
any speech or debate in Congress.

40. Can a person hold an office under the United States
and be a member of Congress?

He can not.

41. Where shall bills for raising revenue originate?

In the House of Representatives.

42. What is revenue, and what ts a bill?

Revenue is the income of government, arising from taxes,

390 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

duties, etc. A bill is a formal writing presented to
a legislature for enactment into law.

43. How does a bill become a law?

By passing both houses of Congress, and receiving the
sanction of the President, or by being retained by him,
without action, for ten days; but if returned within ten
days, Sundays excepted, with his objections, it does not
become a law, unless reconsidered and passed by a two-
thirds vote of both houses.

44. What question does not require the sanction of the
President?

The question of adjournment, except in case of disagree-
ment between the two houses with respect to the time of
adjournment, when the President may adjourn them to
such a time as he shall think proper.

45. What are the powers of Congress?

According to Section 8 of the Constitution, “The -
Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the United States,
but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States; to borrow money on the
credit of the United States; to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes; to establish a uniform rule of naturalization,
and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout
the United States; to coin money, regulate the value
thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights
and measures; to provide for the punishment of counter-
feiting the securities and current coin of the United States;
to establish post-offices and post-roads; to promote the
progress of science and the useful arts, by securing for
limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right
to their respective writings and discoveries; to constitute

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 391

tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court, to define and punish
piracies and felonies committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the law of nations; to declare war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures
on land and water; to raise and support armies, but no
appropriation of money to that use shall be made for a
longer term than two years; to provide and maintain a
navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces; to provide for calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions; to provide for organizing,
arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such
part of them as may be employed in the service of the
United States, reserving to the States respectively the
appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the
militia according to the discipline-prescribed by Congress;
to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases whatsoever,
over such district (not exeeding ten miles square) as may,
by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Con-
gress, become the seat of government of the United States,
and exercise like authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the legislature of the State in which the same
shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings; and to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers and all others vested by this
Constitution in the government of the United States, or any
department or officer thereof.”

46. What ts meant by the law of nations?

The law of nations, the accepted or universal laws of all
nations.

47. What are letters of marque and reprisal?

Written authority from the government to seize the
property of an enemy, especially vessels and cargoes.

392 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

“

48. What are duties, imports, and excises?

A duty is a tax levied on imports. Imports are goods
brought from other countries. Excises are taxes on
anything made, used, or sold.

49. What ts the militia?

The organization of citizens of a State liable to military
duty and enrolled for service.

50. Over what district may Congress exercise exclusive
legislation ?

The District of Columbia.

51. What are forts, magazines, arsenals, and dockyards?

A fort is a place of military defense. A magazine is a
store where ammunition is kept. An arsenal is a repository
for arms and military stores. A dockyard is a place con-
taining all kinds of naval stores and timber.

52. What ts the writ of habeas corpus, and when can it
be suspended?

The writ of Zabeas corpus is a legal process for delivering
a person from false imprisonment, and can be suspended
only in cases of treason or when the public safety requires it.

53. What is a bill of attainder?

A special act of the legislature inflicting capital punish-
ment upon persons supposed to be guilty of high crimes,
without process of law, and involving forfeiture of his
estates and the permanent dishonor of his name. It is not
allowed by the Constitution of the United States.

54. What is an ex post facto law?

A law making an act criminal which was not such when
committed, or increasing its penalty in like manner. This
is not allowed, either.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 393

5s. Maya tax or duty be laid on articles exported from
any State?

No.

56. How about titles of nobility and the receiving of
presents ?

No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States;
and no person holding an office of profit or trust under
them shall, without the consent of Congress, accept of any
present, emolument, office or title of any kind whatever,
from any king, prince or foreign state.

57. May any State enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation ?

No.

58. May a State engage in war?

Not unless in imminent danger from invasion.

59. What are the States forbidden to do in regard to
imposts ?

No State may, without an act of Congress, lay any imposts
or duties on imports or exports, except what may be abso-
lutely necessary for executing its inspection laws.

60. Jn whom is the executive power of the United States
vested?

In a President.

61. Who ts eligible to this office?

Any citizen born in the United States, thirty-five years
of age, and fourteen years a resident.

62. How are the President and Vice-President elected?

By Electors chosen by the people. The Electors meet
in their respective States and vote by distinct ballots for
President and Vice-President. These votes are sealed and
transmitted to the seat of government of the United States,
directed to the president of the Senate. The president of

394 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the Senate, in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, opens all the certificates, and the votes are
then counted; the person having the greatest number of
votes for President shall be President, if such number be a
majority of the whole number of Electors appointed; and
if no person have such majority, then from the persons
having the highest number, not exceeding three, on the
list of those voted for as President, the House of Represent-
atives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the President.
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-
President shall be the Vice-President, if such number be a
majority of the whole number of electors appointed, and, if
no person have a majority, then from the two having the
highest numbers on the list the Senate shall choose the
Vice-President.

63. Supposing the House of Representatives fail to elect a
President when the right of choice devolves upon it, who shall
act as President?

The Constitution provides that the Vice-President shall
act as President in the case of the death or other disability
of the President.

64. What may Congress determine in regard to the time of
choosing the Electors?

Congress may determine the time of choosing the
Electors, and the day on which they shall give their vote,
which day shall be the same throughout the United States.

65. How its the President compensated for his services?

The President shall, at stated times, receive for his serv-
ices a compensation which shall neither be increased nor
diminished during the period for which he shall have been
elected, and he shall not receive within that period any other
emolument from the United States, or any of them.

66. What oath must he take before he enters upon the
execution of his office?

“T do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 395

execute the office of President of the United States, and
will, to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United States.”

67. Who is commander-in-chief of the army and navy?

The President.

68. What offenses ts he not permitted to pardon?

Cases of impeachment.
69. What especially high privileges does he enjoy?

He has the right, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators
present concur, and with the advice and consent of the
Senate he shall appoint ambassadors, ministers, judges, and
officers of the United States, and all appointments which
shall be established by law.

70. Lf a vacancy in an appointive office occurs during
a recess of Congress, how its tt filled?
By an appointment by the President.
Bf
71. What is the President's message?

A paper addressed to Congress, stating the condition of
the country, and proposing such measures as he may judge
necessary and expedient.

72. For what crimes can the President, Vice-President,
and all civil officers of the United States be impeached?

Treason, bribery, and other high crimes and misde-
meanors.

73. What is treason?

Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort.

74. What ts bribery?

Bribery is giving money or some other valuable consider-

396 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

ation to procure desired legislation, a judicial decision, or
other official action.

75. dn whgt ts the judicial power of the United States
vested ?

In a Supreme Court and such inferior courts as Congress
may from time to time establish.

76. How long do the judges of the Supreme Court hold
office ?

During life or good behavior.

77. Lo what cases does their power extend?

To all cases arising under the Constitution, the laws of
the United States, and cases that cannot be settled in the
Supreme Court of any State.

78. Jn what cases has the Supreme Court original juris-
diction ?

In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers
and consuls, and those to which a State shall be a party.
In other cases the Supreme Court has appellate jurisdiction,
or jurisdiction by an appeal from the lower courts.

79. Where shall a criminal be tried?

In the State where the crime is committed.

80. Lf the crime is not committed in the United States,
where must the trial be held?

At such a place or places as Congress may by law have
directed.

81. What crimes are not tried by jury?

Crimes subject to impeachment.

82. What power declares the punishment of treason?

Congress; but no person shall be convicted of treason
unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt
act, or on confession in open court.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 397

83. What ts meant by “ No attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the
person attainted” ?

That the relatives of the person convicted shall not be
denied any rights because of his conviction.

84. What credit shall be given in each State to the acts of
every other?

Full faith and credit must be given in each State to the
public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other
State.

85. Can a person charged with crime in one State be taken
Jrom another State?

Only on demand of the executive authority of the State
where the crime was committed.

86. How are new States admitted into the Union?

By consent of Congress.

87. How can new States be formed?

From Territories having 30,000 inhabitants, or from
States or parts of States with the consent of those
States.

88. What power has Congress in regard to the territory and
other property belonging to the United States ?

It has power to dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting it.

89. What shall the United States guarantee to every State
in the Union?

A republican form of government and protection.

90. What ts the supreme law of the land?

The Constitution and laws of the United States. All
government officers and representatives are bound by oath
to support it.

398 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

gi. Are religious tests permitted?

No religious test shall be required as a qualification to
any office or public trust under the United States.

92. How may the Constitution be amended?

By two-thirds vote of both houses of Congress, or by the
action of the legislatures of two-thirds of the States, ratified
in either case by three-fourths of all the States.

93. How many amendments have been made to the Consti-
tution, and when were the first ten adopted?

Fifteen; the first ten were adopted at the first session of
Congress.

94. What did Congress grant in the first amendment to the
Constitution ?

Freedom of religion, of speech, of the press, and the right
of the people peaceably to assemble and petition the
government for a redress of grievances.

95. What privilege was given the States in the second
amendment?

The right of the people to keep and bear arms.

96. What is the law respecting the quartering of soldiers
in any house in the time of peace?

No soldier shall, in the time of peace, be quartered in any
house without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war,
save in a manner to be prescribed by law.

97. What rights are secured to the people in the fourth
amendment?

The right to be secure in their persons, houses, papers,
and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures.

98. Can a person be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb?

No.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 399

99. Can a person be compelled to be a witness against
himself ?

He can not.

100. What is the law respecting the taking of private
property ?

If taken for public use, the owner shall have just com-
pensation.

tor. By the sixth amendment, what rights shall the
accused enjoy in all criminal prosecutions ?

The right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial
jury; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his
favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense.

102. When shall the right of trial by jury be preserved?

In suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars.

103. What must not be required, or imposed, or inflicted,
by the eighth amendment?

Excessive bail must not be required, or excessive fines
imposed, or cruel and unusual punishment inflicted.

104. By the tenth amendment, what powers are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people?

The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, or prohibited by it to the States.

105. What does the thirteenth amendment prohibit?

Slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.

106. By the fourteenth amendment, who is forbidden to
hold certain offices ?

Persons who have held office under the United States, or
any State, and have been engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the

400 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a vote of two-thirds
of each house, remove such disability.

107. What ts said of the public debt?

The validity of the public debt of the United States,
authorized by law, shall not be questioned. Any debt or
obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation
of any slave, shall be held illegal and void.

108. What does the fifteenth amendment provide?

That the right of the citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by
any State on account of race, color or previous condition
of servitude.

109. What two important measures were passed by the
48th and goth Congresses to remedy a possible defect in the
Constitution ?

A law providing rules for counting the Electoral vote,
and a Presidential succession law.

110. What ts the law in regard to the Presidential
succession ?

“In case of removal, death, resignation, or inability of
both the President and Vice-President, a member of the
Cabinet shall, in the following order, act as President until
the disability is removed or a President elected: The Sec-
retary of State, Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of War,
Attorney General, Postmaster General, Secretary of the
Navy, Secretary of the Interior; provided, that whenever
‘the powers or duties of the office of President of the United
States shall devolve upon any of the persons named therein,
if Congress be not then in session, or if it would not meet
in accordance with law within twenty days thereafter, it
shall be the duty of the person upon whom the said powers
and duties shall devolve, to issue a proclamation convening
Congress in extraordinary session, giving twenty days’

CIVIL GOVERNMENT. 401

notice of the time of meeting.” This act was approved
January 19, 1886.

111. What legislation has since been enacted to facilitate
the work of the Supreme Court of the United States?

An act of Congress, passed early in 1891, required the
President to appoint an additional judge in each of the nine
United States circuits. This judge, with the circuit judges
and the Judge of the Supreme Court for that district, con-
stitute a Circuit Court of Appeals, empowered to pass
finally upon certain classes of cases, thus relieving the
Supreme Court of the United States of much of its purely
routine business.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND
HYGIENE.

1. What is physiology?

The science of the organic functions of animals or plants.

2. Show the value of knowing physiology.

By a proper knowledge of this ‘subject strength may be
preserved, and life saved or lengthened. In case of acci-
dents, as of poisoning, drowning, or any bodily injury, this
knowledge may be of great value to us in relieving sickness
and distress.

3. Lnto what two classes are all bodies in nature divided?

Into organic and inorganic bodies. °

4. Define organic bodies.

They are those bodies which possess organs on whose

actions depend their growth and perfection, like animals
and plants.

5. Define inorganic bodies.
They are devoid of organs, or instruments of life, like
the minerals.
6. What is anatomy?
The science of the structure of animal bodies.
493

404 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

7. What ts hygiene?

That branch of medicine which treats of the preservation
of health.

8. What law is impressed on all animal beings?

The law of continual change.

9. What ts the difference between food and living flesh?

Food is the material we eat, changed by the action of
the system into living flesh.

10. How are plants nourished?

By the inorganic elements found in the earth and air
around them. ‘This material is received in the form of a
liquid or a gas, already prepared for their use.

11. How are animals nourished?

By the organic materials of vegetables or of other
animals.

12. What do animals always possess?

A stomach or digestive cavity, in which the food is pre-
pared before it can be absorbed by the machinery of
the body.

13. What functions are peculiar to animals alone?

Sensation and voluntary motion; these are, therefore,
called animal functions.

14. What organs constitute the digestive apparatus ?

The mouth, pharynx, cesophagus, stomach, pancreas and
intestinal canal.

15. What differences are there in the teeth of the CAYNLVOKOUS
and the herbivorous animals?

The carnivorous animals have sharp front teeth, long,
sharp and pointed canine teeth, and grinders with high
and sharpened points. The herbivorous have short, blunt
and strong front teeth and small canine teeth, but their

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 405

molars are very large, broad and flat, with slightly raised
lines on their surface.
16. How many teeth has man, and how divided?

Sixteen in each jaw: four incisors in the centre; one
canine next to the incisors on each side ;/then two bicus-

pids and three molars. |

17. Of what are teeth composed?

Of soft bone within, but with a cover of very hard
enamel which admits of an exquisitely fine polish.

18. How are the teeth set in the jaw?

With long fangs, so that they may not easily be started
from their places.

19. What are salivary glands?

Glands which empty their fluid into the mouth. Their
function is to secrete fluid to moisten the food during mas-
tication, and assist digestion.

20. Where are the salivary glands situated?

The two larger ones, called parotid glands, are situated
between the ear and upper part of the jaw. Two smaller
ones, called submaxillary, are situated about half way be-
tween the symphesis, or centre. Smaller ones still, called
sublingual, are underneath the tongue.

21. Describe the pharynx, or second chamber of the mouth.

It is separated from the mouth by the palate. Four
passages open out of it: one leads forward to the mouth;
a second, upward to the nose; a third, downward to the
lungs; and a fourth, backward to the stomach.

22. What ts the epiglottis ?

A small valve placed over the mouth of the trachea,
admitting air, but excluding all foreign substances.

23. Describe the esophagus.

It is a soft, muscular tube, extending from the pharynx

406 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

to the stomach, and is about nine inches in length, and
somewhat less than one inch in diameter. It is composed
principally of two muscular coats; the fibres of one run
lengthwise of the tube, and the fibres of the other pass
around it in a circular manner.

24. How does food find its way to the stomach?

Upon being forced back in the mouth to the pharynx,
its presence causes the muscles of the pharynx to contract
upon it. This is the act of swallowing, and is beyond the
control of the will. The circular fibres of the muscles of
the cesophagus seize upon the morsel of food, and contract-
ing, force it downward until it reaches the stomach.

25. Describe the stomach.

It is an oval sac, situated below the diaphragm on the
same plane with the liver, and lies mostly on the left side
of the spine. It has two openings: an upper, or cardiac
orifice, where the cesophagus enters, and a lower, or pyloric
orifice, which enters into the duodenum. It is composed
of three coats: an outer, or serous coat, which is the same
as that which lines the whole abdomen; a middle, or mus-
cular coat, composed of two layers of fibres, longitudinal
and circular, the contraction of which, moves the food
about the stomach during digestion; and an inner or
mucous coat, containing the gastric tubules, which secrete
the gastric juice.

26. By what is food dissolved in the stomach?
By a powerful fluid called the gastric juice.
27. Describe the process of digestion in the stomach.

The presence of food in the stomach causes the gastric
juice to be secreted. The muscles of the stomach move
the food about, which causes the gastric juice to be thor-
oughly intermingled with it. ‘The gastric juice reduces
the food to a pulpy mass, usually within three or four

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE, 407

hours, and it is then passed out of the stomach at the
pyloric orifice.

28. Of what is gastric Juice composed?

It is composed of an acid supposed to be lactic or hydro-
chloric acid, and an organic substance called pepsin.

29. Vame the fluids of the body.

The blood, chyle, lymph, saliva, gastric juice, pancreatic
juice, synovia, mucus, and serum. Bile, sweat, and urine
are excretions.

30. Lame the solids of the body.

The bones, teeth, cartilages, ligaments, muscles, nerves,
vessels, viscera, membranes, skin, hair, and nails.

31. Give the list of chemical elements in the human body.

Oxygen, hydrogen, carbon, sodium, potassium, chlorine,
nitrogen, sulphur, phosphorus, calcium, magnesium, fluor-
ine, silicon, iron, and manganese.

32. Lnto what classes of substances are these elements
divided?

Into metallic and non-metallic substances.

33. Which are the metallic substances?

Potassium, sodium, calcium, magnesium, iron, and man-
ganese.

34. Give the arrangement of the parts of the body.

They are arranged into fibres, fasciculi, tissues, organs,
apparatuses, and systems.

35. Define a fibre.
It is a thread of exceeding fineness, and may be round
or flattened,

36. Define a fasciculus.
It is the term applied to several fibres united.

408 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION LOOK.

37. What is meant by a tissue?

The term tissue is applied to several different solids of
the body.

38. Define an organ.

An organ is an instrument composed of tissues, and
designed for action.

39. What is the action of an organ called?

It is called its function or use.

40. Give an example of an organ and its functions.

The liver is an organ, and the secretion of bile its
function.

41. Define an apparatus.

An apparatus consists of a number of different organs
for the performance of some office. The teeth, mouth,
stomach, intestines, etc., belong to the digestive apparatus.

42. Define a system.

It is a connected series of similar parts, such as the
muscular or nervous system.

43. Zo what can every organ of the body be reduced?

To a few tissues, as the cellular, osseous, muscular,
mucous and nervous.

44. What tissue is the primary form?

The cellular or areolar tissue is regarded as the primary
form of all others.

45. How is the cellular tissue formed?

By the crossing or interlacing of minute fibres, inter-
woven in every direction, so as to form a web-like membrane
with innumerable small spaces, which communicate with
each other.

46. Where is the cellular tissue formed?

In every part of the system, except in compact portions
of bone, teeth and cartilage.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 409

47. What is the chief use of this tissue?

To connect together organs and parts of organs which
require a certain degree of motion on each other.

48. What ts its chief characteristic?

It possesses great power of elasticity.

49. What different names have been given to cellular tissue?

Different ones, according to its position in the body.
Where it is not exposed to the air it is called the serous
membrane, from a fluid in it called serum. In the lining
of the respiratory passages and of the alimentary canal it
is called mucous membrane. Where it forms a covering
for the body, it is called the dermoid membrane, or skin.

50. Describe the osseous tissue.

In composition and arrangement of matter, it varies at
different periods of life, and in different bones. In some
instances the bony matter is disposed in plates, while in
other instances the arrangement is cylindrical, and again
it is spongy, or porous.

isc Describe the muscular tissue.

It is composed of many fibres that unite to form
fasciculi, each of which is enclosed in a delicate layer of
cellular tissue.

BZ. Describe the nervous tissue.

It consists of soft, pulpy matter, enclosed in a sheath
called xeurilema, and consists of two substances, the one a
pulpy matter, gray in color, and called céneritious (ash-
colored), while the other is of a fibrous character and white
and called medudlary (marrow-like).

53. What are the chief divisions of the economy of the
human system, for convenience of discussion?

Osteology, an account of the bones or framework of the
system; JZyology, an account of the muscles or the moving

410 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

power of the system; Sf/anchnology, an account of the
nutritive organs; Angiology, an account of the circulating
system of the arteries and veins; Pxewmonology, an account
of the respiratory, vocal, and calorific organs; Chorology,
the secreting system; /Veuro/ogy, the history of the nervous
system; and Zhe in/ets of the soul, the senses.

54. What is hunger?

A sensation of want of more nutriment in the body. It
is caused by the action of the blood on the terminal
branches of the nerves in the mucous coat of the stomach.

55. What are the relative positions of the stomach, lungs,
liver and diaphragm ?

The lungs lie within the walls of the thorax, separated
from the abdomen by a broad muscle, the diaphragm.
Under the right lung, below the diaphragm, lies the liver,
and to the left the stomach.

56. Zo what substance ts all food reduced in the stomach?

A pulpy substance, called chyme.

57. Does the stomach digest fatty articles of food?

It does not; they are digested by the pancreatic and
intestinal juices.

58. What ts the temperature of the stomach?

About 100° F.

59. Can food be digested artificially?

It can. If food be thoroughly mixed with hydrochloric
acid and pepsin, and kept at an equal temperature of 100°,
it will be reduced in a few hours to a homogeneous mass
somewhat resembling chyme.

60. What three kinds of food do we need?

Nitrogenous, carbonaceous and mineral food.

61. What ts nitrogenous food?

That which contains much nitrogen. The most common
forms are whites of eggs, lean meat, gluten and caseine,

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 4Il

62. What is carbonaceous food?

That which contains much carbon; it consists of two
kinds, the sugars and the fats.

63. ame the mincral matters which should be contained
in our food?

Limited quantities of iron, sulphur, magnesia, phos-
phorus, salt and potash.

64. Could a person live on one kind of food alone?

He could not. A person fed on starch would have
nothing of which to make muscle, and if the diet was con-
tinued he would die of nitrogen starvation.

65. State the five evil results of rapid and unwise eating.

A lack of saliva with the food; resistance of the coarse
pieces to the action of the digestive fluids; the dilution of
the gastric juice; the overcrowding of the stomach and the
over-stimulation of the digestive organs.

66. Why should care be banished from the table?

Care or grief restrains digestion. The nervous action
holds the nourishing organs of the system back. But with
merriment and pleasant thoughts the opposite is the case.

67. Will a regular routine of food be beneficial?
By a regular routine of food the appetite becomes in-

different, and long continuance generally produces a sick-
ness from disgust.

68. What are the principal causes of dyspepsia?

Overtaxing the digestive organs. This may come from
too much food, irregularity of eating, drinking strong
drinks, etc.

69. What ts the best remedy for a bilious man?

Work. Not to the point of physical prostration, but to
such an extent that the body demands nourishment and
the muscles to be recruited. Nature will then build her-
self up to supply this demand,

A412 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

70. What ts the pyloric valve?

It is no real valve, but simply a narrowing or contrac-
tion of the pyloric end of the stomach.

71. How long does it take our chief articles of food to

digest?

TIME
ARTICLES CONDITION: 5 | saaaea a
Hrs. | Min.
Apples, hard, sour. Raw. 2. Ice
Apples, sweet, mellow Raw. t i|a3e
Barley. : Boiled. 2) lal pies
Beef, fresh, rare Roasted. Bg
Beef, steak . : Fried. ried Pee
Bread, wheat, fresh A Baked. 3 NeZO
Cake, sponge . Baked. 25 Nae
Cheese, old. Raw. 2/30
Codfish, salt, dry. Boiled. PENS a
Ducks, wild. : Roasted. Ah? 30
Eggs, fresh. Boiled, hard.| 3 | 30
Eggs, fresh... Roasted. 2- Wee
Eggs, fresh, whipped, Raw. i 30
Milk, new. Raw. oie i=
Mutton, freshe, Roasted. 2) - letag
Oysters, fresh. Raw. Ba Gleae
Oysters, fresh . Stewed. 2) go
Pigs’ feet, soused. Boiled. hae bc ot
Pork, fat and lean. Roasted. 5 is
Pork, salted. Raw. 2 alene
Potatoes, Irish. Boiled. z (azo
Potatoes, Irish. Roasted. 2 {it 30
Reet: Boiled. I
Sausage. . Broiled. 2 4626
Soup, barley Boiled. r Voge
Soup, oyster. Boiled. 3 ego
Tripe, soused . Boiled. ere
Trout, fresh. Fried. I.) | 30
Veal, fresh . Fried. 4 ge
Venison, steak. Broiled. sce T=

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 413

472. What does organic food comprise?

Nitrogenous substances; fats; compounds of carbon and
hydrogen, such as sugar or starch.

73. What does inorganic food comprise?

Inorganic food comprises water and alkalies, such as salt,
phosphates, etc.

74. What ts the first work of the stomach in digestion?

To get rid of the greater part of the fluid which has
been swallowed with the food.

75. dnto what organ does the chyme pass from the
stomach ?

Into the duodenum.

76. Describe the intestinal canal,

It is composed of three coats, arranged in a manner
similar to the stomach, and for similar purposes, the mucous
coat secreting the intestinal juice, which aids digestion.
It is divided into the large and small intestines; the small
intestine is subdivided into the duodenum, jejunum, and
ileum; and between the ileum and the large intestine is a
perfect valve, which allows nothing to pass back that has
once entered the large intestine from the ileum.

47. What is the pancreas?

A long, narrow gland, situated immediatly below and
behind the stomach.

78. What ts the office of the pancreas?

It secretes the pancreatic juice, which is emptied into the
duodenum, and digests the fatty parts of food.

79. What are the lacteal absorbents ?

Numberless minute tubules in the intestinal mucous
membrane, which take up by absorption the nutriments,
and convey them to the blood. These tubules join together,

A4AI4 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

forming other tubules, which again join, and this continues
until all are united in the thoracic duct.

80. What ts the lacteal duct?

The duct into which all the lacteal absorbents empty; it
is sometimes called the thoracic duct. It passes upward
along the spine, and empties into the left subclavian vein.

81. What ts called the lacteal system?

The lacteal absorbents, the tubes which they form by
joining together, and the lacteal duct.

82. How is the digested food disposed?

In the duodenum it is divided, part entering the blood-
vessels, and the rest the waste.

83. What is chyle?

Food reduced to a whitish-colored fluid, and ready to be
absorbed by the lacteals.

84. When ts a new supply of nutriment needed?

When the lacteal absorbents have consumed the chyle
and carried it into the veins, and the blood can no longer
meet the demands of the wasting flesh.

85. Will the stomach bear sudden changes in the time of
eating ?

Not without some complaint. One’s appetite returns at,
established periods; then his stomach craves food, and the
gastric juice is ready to flow and dissolve it.

86. When does the body sustain labor and exposure best?

When it is best nourished.

87. Why do growing youths or convalescents require more
food than adults or persons in health?

In order to meet the new conditions and supply the new
wants of the system.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 41S

88. What is the common error in regard to eating?

That to please the palate, food not easily digested may
safely be eaten, and more than the system requires.

89. When any organ of the body ts in action, what changes
occur?

The nervous force of the part is increased, and the circu-
lation of the blood quickened, to supply the waste and sup-
port its powers.

90. What ts the office of the liver?

To form the bile, the elements of which are separated
from the blood.

gt. Where ts the bile emptied ? :

Through a duct into the duodenum. It serves to keep
the intestinal contents in a healthy condition,

92. Where is the spleen?

On the left side of the spine.

93. What ts the office of the spleen?

It is a ductless gland, and its office is not accurately
known.

94. What ts fatigue?

A waste of the particles of the system by exercise greater
than the new materials supplied by the blood.

95. What ts rest?

The restoration of the materials wasted by fatigue.

96. What are the different temperaments of men?

The nervous, the sanguine, the bilious and the lymphatic.

97. Describe persons of nervous temperament.

Those in whom the nervous system predominates, who
are easily elated or depressed, whose mental actions are
performed with rapidity.

416 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

98. Describe persons of a sanguine temperament.

Those in whom the circulatory system predominates;
who are strong, but at the same time active; who are bold
and resolute, and always hopeful.

99. Describe persons with the bilious temperament.

Those in whom the physical system predominates; who
are strong in mind and body, but not quick; who are calm,
steady and persevering.

100. Who have the lymphatic temperament?

Those in whom the lymphatic system predominates —
who are indisposed to exertion and unexcitable.

101. How does childhood differ from age?

In childhood the blood flows rapidly, the muscles are
easily stimulated to action, the nervous system is irritable,
and the feelings and passions are readily quickened. In
age, all the powers, feelings, and passions are in an opposite
direction.

102. Does this difference require a modification of diet?
The elastic period requires a mild and soothing diet,
while the inactive period needs more stimulating food.

103. What two things ought to be considered in all kinds
of food?

Their digestibility, and the quantity of nutriment con-
tained in them.

104. What are the natural effects of stimulation?

When any part of the body is rubbed with pepper, mus-
tard, or spirits, it creates an irritation; the blood flows to
the place more abundantly; there is greater action and
quicker life; but these effects soon cease, and then the skin
is pale, the circulation is more languid, for unusual action
of the muscles causes fatigue.

105. What ts the effect of alcohol?
It is quick in action, both in excitement and in exhaus-

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 417

tion. To a healthy stomach it must be injurious, for it
gives merely temporary strength; it only quickens the
action and expenditure of power already existing, leaving
the stomach to fall below its natural standard.

106. What becomes of the chyle?

It is taken up by the lacteal absorbents, carried through
the lacteal tubes to the thoracic duct, and thence emptied
into the left subclavian vein near the heart.

107. What constitutes the apparatus for the circulation of
the blood?

The heart, arteries, capillaries, and veins.

108. Describe the heart.

It is a hollow, muscular organ of conical form, placed
between the lungs, lying more in the left then in the right
cavity of the chest. It is about five inches in length, three
inches and a half in breadth, and two inches and a half in
thickness; and weighs from eight to twelve ounces. It is
divided by a septum into two lateral halves; and a trans-
verse constriction divides each half into two cavities, the
upper cavity on each side being called the auricle, and the
lower the ventricle.

109. What ts the beating of the heart?

When the heart contracts, to send the blood out, the
apex is thrown forward and strikes against the ribs of the
left side, near the breast bone, where the beating is very
easily felt.

110. How do the valves of the heart act?

In the passage-ways of the heart valves are placed, which
open to allow the blood to pass downward, but close to
prevent its passing upward.

111. How many sets of blood-vessels are there?

Three: the arteries, the veins, and the capillaries.

418 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

112. Describe the arteries.

They are tubular vessels, which serve to convey the
blood from both ventricles of the heart to every part of
the body. They are composed of three coats; internal
middle and external. The middle coat consists of mus-
cular and elastic fibres principally, which make the larger
arteries very elastic.

113. Describe the action of the veins.

The veins return the blood from the capillaries to the
heart, communicating very freely with one another.

114. Describe the capillaries.

They are minute terminal branches of the arteries, and
pervade nearly every tissue of the body in a vast net-work.

115. Whats the difference between the pulmonary and the
systemic circulation ?

In the pulmonary circulation the blood is conveyed to
the lungs to be purified, and then brought back to the
heart; in the systemic circulation the blood is carried to
every part of the system, and returned by the veins to the
heart.

116, Lxplain the circulation of the blood.

By a contraction of the heart the blood is forced from
the left ventricle through the aortic valves into the aorta,
and through all the arteries of the body, to the upper and
lower extremities and the internal organs. From these
various points it enters the capillaries, where all the
changes in the system are produced; and is then taken up
by the veins, and returned as venous blood to the right
auricle of the heart. From the right auricle it passes
through a valvular constriction into the right ventricle;
from the right ventricle it isforced through valves into the
pulmonary arteries, which carry it to the lungs; and from
the lungs it is returned to the heart through the pulmonary

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 419

veins, entering the left auricle of the heart, and passing to
the left ventricle, the point of beginning.
117. What ts the aorta?

The largest artery in the systemic circulation. It passes
upward from the heart at first, describes a curve, and goes
downward, passing through the diaphragm and along the
spinal column. The curved part is called the arch of the
aorta; between the arch and the diaphragm it is called the
thoracic aorta, and below the diaphragm the abdominal
aorta.

118. Where are the carotids?

Arteries carrying blood upward along the neck; the left
carotid arises from the arch of the aorta; the right from
the arteria innominata, a large vessel springing from the
aorta.

119. What do the subclavians do?

They carry blood to the arms.

120. Where are the subclavians?

The left subclavian arises from the arch of the aorta;
the right from the arteria nominata.

121. What arteries supply the stomach with blood?

The gastric artery, arising from the cceliac, which arises
from the abdominal aorta; also a branch from the splenic
artery, and one from the hepatic.

122. How is the liver supplied?

The liver is supplied by the hepatic artery, a branch of
the cceliac axis.

123. How are the kidneys supplied?
By the renal arteries.
124. How ts the spleen supplied?

By the splenic artery, the third branch of the coeliac axis.

420 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

125. How is the intestinal canal supplied?

By the superior and inferior messenteric arteries.

126. How zs the heart supplied ?

By the coronary arteries, small branches from the aorta.

127. What are the chief divisions of the aorta?

The subclavian, carotid, coeliac, hepatic, renal and
splenic, here the aorta branches off to go to the extremities,
the two branches which pass through the groins are called
the inguinal arteries, and where they enter the thighs, the
femoral arteries.

128. What ts the vena cava?

There are two vessels’ by this name, one called the
superior and the other the inferior vena cava. The
superior vena cava is formed by the junction of the two
innominate veins, which in turn are formed from the
subclavian and jugular veins. The inferior vena cava is
formed from the junction of the two iliac veins, which are
supplied by the femoral and other veins. Both vessels
empty into the right auricle of the heart.

129. What are the names of the larger branches of the vena
cavat

The jugular, subclavian, and inguinal veins.

130. How are the arteries or veins arranged in respect to
each other?

The arteries begin at the heart, and end in all the parts
of the body, in minute tubes. The veins, on the contrary,
begin in the flesh of all parts of the body at the connecting
link (the capillaries), and end in one large trunk, the vena
Cava, at the heart.

131. How does the blood pass through the heart?

By the contraction of the heart, which forces the blood
from one chamber to another: first, from the right auricle

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 421

to the right ventricle, then to the lungs, and then back to
the heart, passing through the left auricle and left ventricle.

132. How do the pulmonary arteries and pulmonary veins

differ?

The pulmonary arteries convey venous blood from the
heart to the lungs, where it is purified, and then returned
to the heart by the pulmonary veins as arterial blood.

133. Where are the largest arteries situated?

Deep in the flesh, where they are protected from injury.
Some of them approach the surface, and their pulsation can
be felt at the wrist, at the sides of the neck and on the
temple.

134. Where are the largest veins situated?

Their great trunks are placed near the great arteries, but,
being less liable to injury, their branches are situated
nearer to, and more of them on, the surface, than the
arterial branches.

135. What prevents the blood in the veins from flowing
backward?

Valves placed at proper intervals on the inner coat of
the veins. The long veins are the best supplied, and some
veins have no valves.

136. How does venous blood differ from arterial?

Venous blood is of a dark purple color, Joaded with the
waste particles of the system. ‘The arterial blood is of a
bright scarlet color, purified of all waste matter, rich in
oxygen and nutritious elements.

137. What action have the lungs upon the blood?

The venous blood is purified by means of the air in the
lungs, which gives up its oxygen, and absorbs the carbon
and other impurities.

422 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

138. What causes the blood to circulate in the veins?

The action of the heart, which is like a pump. When
the arterial blood is forced out, it leaves 2 vacuum for the
venous blood to flow in. The pressure of the muscles on
the veins by contraction has a share in it, also, and perhaps
a power from behind, or capillary force, in the capillaries.

139. How much blood ts there in a man of average size?

It is estimated to be twenty-eight pounds.

140. /n what time does it circulate through the system?

The left ventricle of the heart, in a man of average size,
will contain about two ounces. Every time the heart beats
this cavity is filled and emptied. In ordinary health the
heart will beat about seventy-two times a minute; there-
fore, in three minutes, an amount of blood equal to the
whole will pass through the heart or the system.

141. What circumstances will affect the rate of circulation?

The heart will beat faster when we are standing*than
when we are sitting, and faster when sitting than when
lying down. The pulsation is more rapid in the morning
than in the evening. All exercise increases the force of

circulation.

142. How do mental states affect the circulation?

When the mind is excited with anger, hope, merriment
or love, the blood flows more freely, and a person is capable
of greater exertions. The depressing passions have the
opposite effect.

143. Where is the living flesh made?
In the capillaries.

144. What materials of the body are obtained from the
blood?

All the tissues—the bone, muscle, brain, skin, fat, hair and
nails, the tears, the saliva, and the perspiration.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 423

145. For what purpose is the circulation of the blood?

To carry nutrition to the body and absorb the dead
particles of the flesh.

146. What do the elements of the blood contain?

The elements of animal blood contain red and white
corpuscles; animal fibrine; water, albumen.: The first two
form the clot, the remaining two the serum. The blood
contains dissolved within it three gases: carbonic acid,
oxygen, and a small quantity of nitrogen.

147. Give the use of the corpuscles of the blood.

The red corpuscles are supposed to convey oxygen from
the lungs to the tissues, while the white are the agents
which repair the body. This is shown in the healing of a
large wound, as the white are then most abundant.

148. What law must be observed in regard to eating uf
health is preserved?

When exercise is light, eat but little, and at no time eat
TOREXCESS.

149. How are the wasted particles of the body disposed of?
They are thrown out of the system by the lungs, skin,
kidneys, liver and intestines.

150. What elements are selected by the nutritive organs to
form fat?

Seventy-nine parts of carbon, 11} parts of hydrogen, and
9} parts of oxygen.

1st. What elements are required to form hair?

Fifty parts of carbon, 6 of hydrogen, 17 of nitrogen, and
26 of oxygen and sulphur.

152. What to form muscle?

Fifty-one parts of carbon, 7 of hydrogen, 15 of nitrogen,
21 of oxygen, and 4 of other matters.

424 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

153. Describe the lungs.

The lungs are placed, one in each of the lateral cavities
of the chest, separated from each other by the heart; they
are conical in shape. The right lung is larger than the
other, and has three lobes; the left lung has two. The
weight of both lungs is about forty-two ounces; the color,
in young persons, is a pinkish white, but it becomes mot-
tled with dark spots as age advances. The substance of
the lungs is of light, spongy texture. Passing through it
in every direction from the trachea are a great number
of bronchial tubes, which grow smaller as they subdivide.
Each tube ends in a minute vesicle or air-cell.

154. Describe the air-cells.

The air tubes begin at the back part of the mouth and
nostrils with a single cylinder, which leads through the
neck to the chest; but in the lungs they are divided and
subdivided into smaller and smaller tubes, and at the
minute termination of these tubes are found the air-cells.
These cells are separated from the myriads of minute
arteries only by a membrane, so thin that gases can pass
through it, and the blood itself is almost in contact with
the air, thus becoming purified and in condition to nourish
the system.

155. How zs voice produced?

The larynx is the organ of voice, and is the upper part
of the trachea, where small cords, called vocal cords,
stretch across it. Voice is produced by the air rushing
over the vocal cords.

156. Compare the lungs and heart, giving three points in
common and three points of difference.

The three points in common are: both operate by expan-
sion and contraction; both are involuntary organs — that
is, on ordinary occasions they act independently of the will;
both are indispensable to the maintenance of life. The

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 425

three points of difference are: the lungs contain air, the
heart blood; the lungs contain air-cells, the heart is
divided into compartments; the lungs purify the blood, the
heart propels it through the body.

157. Describe the spine.

The spinal column is composed of twenty-four vertebrz,
the sacrum and the coccyx, and is a little more than two
feet in length. The vertebre are separated from one
another by a thick piece of elastic cartilage, which saves
the boay from jars. Twelve of the vertebra in the tho-
racic region support the twelve ribs on each side.

158. Describe a vertebra.

It is somewhat circular and flattened on the sides with
tooth-like projections which match one with another.
Each vertebra has a spinous process extending backward.
Through the centre of each vertebra the spinal cord passes.

159. How are the bones of the spinal column divided?

Into seven cervical or neck bones; twelve dorsal or back
bones; and five lumbar or loin bones.

160. What ts the pelvis?

It is a bony cavity at the lower part of the spine, com-
posed of the sacrum, the coccyx, and the two innominates
or hip-bones.

161. What ts the sternum?

A flat, sword-shaped bone, consisting of three pieces,
which forms the front part of the thorax, and supports the
ribs by means of its cartilages.

162. What ts the coccyx?

A small bone at the lower extremity of the sacrum.

163. Describe the ribs.

The ribs are curved, and join the spine behind and the
sternum in front. The lower five are called false ribs,

426 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

because their connection with the sternum is not so close
as that of the others.

164. What bones compose the skull?

The skull consists of the cranium and the face; the cra-
nium is composed of eight bones, the face of fourteen.

165. What are the bones of the arm and forearm?

The humerus is the bone of the arm, and the radius and
ulna are the bones of the forearm.

166. What are the bones of the wrist?

Eight small bones, arranged in two layers.

167. What are the bones of the hands?

Five metacarpal bones and fourteen phalanges.

168. Mame the bones of the lower extremities.

In the thigh, the femur; in the leg, the tibia and fibula;
in the ankle, seven small bones; in the foot, five metacar-
pal bones and fourteen phalanges; at the knee, the patella
or knee-pan.

169. How many kinds of joints are there?

Four: the hinge joint, as in the elbow; the ball and
socket joint, as in the shoulder and thigh; a combination
of the hinge joint with a rotary movement, as in the neck;
and a joint with a sliding movement, as between the clavi-
cle and sternum.

170. How are the joints held together?
By ligaments.
171. What ts the clavicle?

It is the collar bone, extending between the sternum
and shoulders.

172. Where ts the scapula?

The scapula, or shoulder-blade, is a broad, flat, triangu-
lar bone which forms part of the shoulder joint.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 427

173. What peculiarity is there about the neck-joints?

Between the head and the first vertebra is a hinge joint,
and between the first and second vertebrz is a joint with
a rotary movement, formed by a tooth-like projection from
the second vertebra, which serves as an axis for the first to
play upon. The two joints combined give the various
movements to the head.

174. How is the femur joined to the pelvis?

By a ball and socket joint.

175. What peculiarity is there about the elbow and wrist
Joints ?

A rotary movement is given to the hand by the rotation
of the radius in a fibrous socket at the elbow, and a corre-
sponding movement at the wrist between the ulna and the
hand.

176. Describe the hip joint.

The femur, or thigh bone, has almost a globular head at
its upper extremity, which is fitted into a very deep socket
called the acetabulum, in the side bone of the pelvis.

177. Describe the shoulder joint.

The head of the bone of the upper arm is less than half
a ball, and is fitted into a very shallow socket in the upper
corner of the scapula or shoulder-blade.

178. How many bones are in the human body?
Two hundred and four, besides the patella, or knee-caps.
179. What three uses have the bones?

To protect the delicate organs; to serve as levers on
which the muscles may act to produce motion; to preserve
the shape of the body.

180. Of what ts a bone made?

Of two-thirds earthy and one-third animal matter. The

428 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

earthy matter is principally carbonate and phosphate
of lime.

181. What is the structure of a bone?

A dense, hard tissue, like ivory, forms the outside shell,
and a porous or cancellated tissue is always found on the
inside.

182. What are the rickets?

A disease caused by lack of mineral matter in the bones,
which become soft and under the weight of the body are
distorted.

183. What is a felon?

A felon is a swelling of the finger or thumb, generally of
the last joint. It is caused by an accumulation of matter
beneath the periosteum and next to the bone.

184. What ts the cause of bow-legs?

Bowlegs in children are caused by their standing on
their feet before the bones of the lower limbs are strong
enough to bear their weight.

185. What is a dislocation?

The forcing of a joint from its socket. This is done by
breaking or straining the tissues of the joint.

186. Describe the three lever-actions of the body.

The movements of the head; raising the body on tiptoe;
lifting the hands from the elbow.

187. Jn what state do bones exist at first?

As cartilage.

188. How are they converted into bone?

By nature’s deposit of phosphates and carbonate of lime.

189. What is the strength of the human bone?

When used as levers they are 22 times as strong as
sandstone, 3} times as strong as lead, or twice as strong as
oak timber.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 429

190. Define ossification.
The growth of bone from the cartilage.

191. What ts the only bone in the body completely hard at
birth?

The petrous, which contains the organs of hearing.

192. What are the chief uses of cartilage?

To give smooth surfaces to the joints, reducing friction
and serving as a cushion in shocks; to fasten bones to-
gether without destroying freedom of movement, as it acts
between vertebra; to serve as a firm yet not unyielding
framework, as in the larynx and trachea; and to adapt itself
to all purposes where firmness, toughness, elasticity and
strength are required.

193. What ts the membrane called which invests the
bones?

The periosteum. It is a firm, whitish-yellow in color,
and encloses the vessels which convey nutriment into the
bones. It is this membrane to which the ligaments and
tendons are attached, as they cannot be fastened to the
bone itself.

194. /uto how many groups are the bones of the body
divided?

For convenience of study, into four: the bones of the
head, of the trunk, of the upper extremities and of the
lower extremities.

195. Where are the synovial membranes situated?

In joints.

196. What ts the function of a synovial membrane?

To secrete a liquid which lubricates the joint.

197. When is a joint said to be sprained?

When a ligament, or some fibres of a ligament are
2
badly stretched or torn.

430 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

198. What are the muscles?

The active organs of locomotion. They are formed of
bundles of reddish fibres endowed with the property of
contractility.

199. How many kinds of muscles are there?

Two: those under control of the will, called the muscles
of animal life; and those over which the will has no
control, called muscles of organic life.

200. What ts the use of muscles?

To produce all the motions of the body.

201. How many muscles are there?

About 527; the number varies.
202. How are the muscles under the control of the will?

Through the nervous system. Every muscle of animal
life is supplied with nerves through which the mind exer-

cises its influence.

203. Whatis St. Vitus’s dance?

A disease of the voluntary muscles, causing spasmodic
motions.

204. What is lockjaw?

A disease in which there are spasms and a contraction
of the muscles, usually beginning in the lower jaw. It is

sometimes caused by a very trivial injury, as cutting the
foot, running a fish-hook into the finger, a bruise or the

like.

205. Ls the heart a muscle?

It is a muscle of organic life.

206. How do we breathe?

Principally by means of the diaphragm, which by con-
tracting produces a vacuum in the lungs, and air rushes in
to fill the space.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 431

207. Describe the diaphragm.

It is a flat muscle, a flexible partition which divides the
chest from the abdomen and separates the respiratory
from the digestive organs. Its edges are attached to the
back-bone, to the lower edge of the lower ribs, to the breast-
bone, and to the lower part of the chest. It forms an arch,
upon the upper surface of which the lungs rest, while in the
hollow below lie the liver and stomach. When the
diaphragm is at rest its upper point reaches as high as the
fourth rib; but when it is in action it is drawn down to
below the seventh rib.

208. Explain the process of inspiration.

The muscles on the sides of the chest raise the ribs and
extend their circle forward and outward; the diaphragm
draws down its arch and thus enlarges the chest; and, the
lungs having room for expansion, the air is pressed into
them to fill the vacuum left by the enlarging chest.

209. Lxplain the process of expiration.

After the chest is thus sufficiently expanded, the muscles
of the ribs and the diaphragm relax. The action of other
muscles carries the ribs downward; at the same time, the
muscles which cover the abdomen press upon its contents,
and force them against the diaphragm; this yielding to the
pressure, rises and presses upon the lungs, which retreat
before it, and the air is expelled.

210. What ts the cause of squinting?

Most cases of squinting are caused by long-sightedness,
the muscles being strained in the effort to obtain distinct

vision.
211. What ts coughing?

A spasmodic action of the muscles of expiration forcing
the air out violently through the mouth.

432 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

212. What is sneezing?

It is the same action as coughing, only the mouth is
closed, and the air rushes through the nose.

213. What are sighing and snoring?

Sighing is a prolonged inspiration, followed by an
audible expiration. Snoring is caused by the air passing
through both nose and mouth, the palate in the meantime
producing a vibration of the air.

214. What are laughing and sobbing?

Laughing and sobbing are much alike as regards the
action of the muscles. ‘The sounds are produced by short,
rapid contractions of the diaphragm.

215. What are yawning and hiccoughing?

Yawning, or gaping, is like sighing, only the mouth is
open wide to take in the deep inspiration. Hiccoughing is
caused by a contraction of the diaphragm and a constric-
tion of the glottis.

216. What ts the effect of breathing the same air several
times?

It poisons the system, the expired air being loaded with
waste matter and carbonic acid.

217. Ln how many ways ts the air unfit for respiration?

Three: by being deprived of oxygen; by being loaded
with carbonic acid; by being filled with waste matter from
the lungs, skin, etc., or other poisonous materials.

218. How much fresh air ought to be supplied to each
person per minute ?

About four cubic feet.
219. How much air will the lungs hold?

About 384 cubic inches.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 433

220. What effect has an ill-ventilated school-room upon
children?

They grow dull and sleepy from the action of the
poisonous matter in the air.

221. How should we ventilate our bed-rooms and school-
houses ?

The windows should be opened in such a manner as to
admit fresh air without its blowing directly upon the
sleeper or student. ‘This is usually accomplished best by
lowering the top sash and at the same time lowering the
curtain, otherwise the obstruction would throw the current
downward. Ventilation through the ceiling is advisable,
and can easily be arranged at time of building.

222. What is the average number of respirations per
minute ?
Eighteen.

223. What animals are most active and which are most
sluggish ?

Those which breathe the most are the most vigorous,
lively, and active, while those which breathe least are the
most sluggish, stupid and feeble.

224 How does consumption waste the flesh and strength? ~

In this disease the lungs are more or less filled with
tubercles and abscesses; the air-vessels are to some extent
closed, so that the air cannot penetrate them and reach
the blood to purify it; therefore, lacking pure blood, the
system is not well nourished, the muscles grow thin and
weak, and the body gradually wastes away.

225. What are bronchitis, pleurisy and pneumonia?

Bronchitis is an inflammation of the mucous membrane
of the bronchial tubes. This inflammation causes a secre-
tion of mucus, and consequent coughing. Pleurisy is an
inflammation of the pleura. Pneumonia is an inflamma-
tion of the lungs, affecting chiefly the air-cells.

434 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

226. How may a constitutional tendency to consumption
be warded off in youth?

By plenty of pure air, exercise, and a careful diet. Rich
pastry, unripe fruit, salted meat and acid drinks should be
avoided. <A certain quantity of fat should be eaten at
each meal.

227. What ts the rule for prevention and cure of a cold?

Keep the blood upon the surface.

228. What is the first step to be taken in the cure ofa
disease?

To obey the laws of health which have been violated.
Medicine is not taken to destroy a disease, but to hold it in
check while nature repairs the injury, and again brings the
system into harmonious movement.

229. Why does sleep sometimes fail to refresh?

For want of sufficient air.

230. What is carbonic acid?

A gas known by many as ‘“damps” or “dead air;” it is

often found in wells and vats. It is heavier than air, and,
therefore, falls like water to the bottom of a vessel or
room.

~ 231. What is a common source of danger from carbonic
acid ?

A pan of coals is sometimes left burning in an ill-
ventilated sleeping-room. The gas sinks, but as more is
produced it keeps filling more and more space till it gets
up to the sleeper’s head, is inhaled, and suffocation is the
result.

232. How does drowning produce death?

The water taken into the mouth, nose and ears prevents
the access of air to the respiratory organs, and the sufferer
dies of suffocation.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 435

233. What necessity is common to all animals?

Good air, though in different degrees. Every animal,
from the highest to the lowest, must sustain life by its
breath.

234. What reciprocal offices do animals and vegetables
perform?

The animal uses oxygen and gives out carbonic acid;
while, on the other hand, the plant uses carbonic acid and
gives out oxygen.

235. What is the temperature of the human body?

g8° to 100° F. f

236. What is the origin of heat in living bodies?

The union of the carbon of the food and the oxygen of
the air. This produces heat in much the same way that
heat is produced by sensible combustion.

237. Into what classes are animals divided in relation to

heat?

Into the warm-blooded, including man, birds, quad-
rupeds, etc., whose heat is always of the same derree=:
and the cold-blooded, including snakes, oysters, fishes,
worms, toads, turtles, etc., the heat of which is but little
higher than that of the medium wherein they live.

238. What prevents any considerable increase of temper-
ature in the healthy body?

Perspiration.

239. What is insensible perspiration ?

The moisture which is absorbed by the air as fast as
formed.

240. What is sensible perspiration?

The moisture which is exuded too fast to be immediately
absorbed, and is left in small drops on the skin.

436 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

241. Which best protects from cold, alchohol or food?

Food. Alcohol stimulates the stomach and excites the
nervous system. It supplies carbon and hydrogen to the
flame; but these soon burn out, and the body is afterward
cooler than it otherwise would have been. Food alone
can sustain a permanent heat.

242. Which warms most, flesh or bread?

Flesh, since it contains more carbon and hydrogen.

243. Why is more fat required for food in a cold climate
than in a warm one?

Because it supplies more carbon, and gives more heat.

244. Of what use is fat to the body?

It gives form to the body, and acts as a powerful non-
conductor of heat. It collects around the joints and be-
tween the muscles and prevents irritation by friction.

245. What ts noticeable of fat?

It does not accumulate within the cranium, the lungs, or
the eye-lids.

246. What are the oil glands?

Clusters of tiny sacs, secreting an oil which flows along
the ducts to the roots of the hair, and thence oozes out
upon the cuticle.

247. Describe the skin.

It is composed of two layers — the derma, or true skin,
and the epidermis, or cuticle. On the surface of the
derma are the sensitive papillae, and within or beneath it
are the sweat glands, hair-follicles and sebaceous glands.
It is a dense and thick membrane, composed of firm and
strong fibres, and is almost filled with minute blood-
vessels.

248. Name the three uses of the skin,

The skin is used to protect, to exhale, and to absorb.

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 437

249. What is the cuticle ?

The cuticle, or scarf-skin, is a thin layer for the purpose
of protecting the derma.

280. What part of the blood flows through the skin?

A large proportion.

Boi. Describe the hair.

It is an outgrowth from the skin. It has a root which
is bulbous, and a shaft which is hollow. The holiow
ceases near the point.

252. Describe the nails.

They also are outgrowths from the skin. They are
flattened, elastic structures of a horny nature, and are
firmly connected with the cutis.

253. Where is the seat of color in the skin?

In the pigment cells, or the rete mucosum, which are
situated in the innermost and last-formed layer of the
cuticle. The contents of these cells give the different
shades to the various races of mankind.

2c4. What proportion of the waste of the body passes
through the skin?

About five-eighths.

ass, What connection exists between the internal organs
and the skin?

A most intimate connection. As the blood finds its
way freely through it, it serves to relieve internal organs
when the circulation is disturbed.

266, What is the office of the skin?

It protects the body, regulating its heat by means of
the sweat follicles, and throwing out much waste matter.

257. ame the organs which carry off waste matter from
the body.

The skin, lungs, kidneys, liver and intestines.

438 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

258. Mame the organs whieh bring fresh material to the
body.

The stomach and intestines particularly; sometimes the
skin. The lungs bring oxygen.

259. Describe the minute structure of the perspiratory
organs.

The perspired fluid is formed by the inner skin and con-
veyed to the surface through minute tubes which are
attached to the glands. There are 3,528 of these little
tubes on each square inch in the palm of the hand, and
2,800 on each square inch throughout the whole body,
making seven millions of perspiratory tubes on a man of
average size,

260. Of what does the nervous system consist?

The brain, spinal cord and nerves.

261. Describe the general outline of the brain.

It is divided into two principal parts, the cerebrum and
cerebellum. The first is divided by a deep fissure into two
lateral halves, called hemispheres. The under part of the
cerebellum is divided in the same way. ‘The cerebrum is
much the larger part of the brain, and occupies the anterior
part of the skull. Its surface is indented with many con-
volutions. The outer part, of a gray color, is called the
cortical substance. The inner part, of a light color, is
called the medullary substance. The cerebrum is separated
from the cerebellum by a strong fibrous tissue.

262. How is the brain protected?

By three membranes which cover it. The inner and
middle membranes are very delicate, and give the brain a
soft cushion to lie between it and its bony enclosure. The
‘outer membrane is thick and very strong, and. would
hold the brain in its position, even if the skull were
removed.

PHVSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 439

263. What peculiarity has the brain in regard to the sense
of feeling?

It has no feeling of its own, although capable of recog-
nizing the sensations of all other parts of the body.

264. Describe the sense of feeling.

The nerves of sensation are spread over the whole body.
Feeling is most delicate in the point of the tongue and the
tips of the fingers. The surface of the skin is covered with
minute conical projections called papz//ae. Each of these
contains its tiny nerve, which receives the impression
and conveys it to the brain, where perception is pro-
duced.

265. Describe the sense of taste.

The sense of taste is located in the papillae of the tongue
or palate. The papillae start up when tasting, as you can
see by placing a drop of vinegar on another person’s
tongue, or on your own before a mirror. These small,
hair-like projections absorb the liquid to be tasted and
convey it to the nerves.

266. Describe the organ of smell.

The nose, the seat of this sense, is composed of cartilage
covered with muscles and skin, and connected with the
skull by small bones. ‘The nostrils open at the back into
the pharynx, and are lined by a continuation of the mucous
membrane of the throat. The olfactory nerves enter
through a sieve-like, bony plate at the roof of the nose,
and are distributed over the inner surface of the two olfac-
tory chambers.

267. What large nervous trunks have their origin in the
brain?

The olfactory, optic, facial, auditory, pneumogastric and
other nerves, nine in all. Some authors divide the seventh
and eighth pair, and make three more nerves.

440 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

268. Where is the spinal cord?

It extends from the brain through the whole length of
the spinal column. It gives off thirty pairs of nerves,
which divide and subdivide until they reach every part of
the body.

269. How many kinds ef nerves are there?
Two: motor and sensory.

270. What three things are necessary for sensation ?

The nerves upon which the impression is made, the
trunk which conveys the impression, and the brain which
receives and perceives it.

271. Ls the action of the different organs modified by the
nerves ?

Yes. ‘The amount of blood they receive is regulated by
the nerves.

272. Do the arteries have nerves?

They do.

273. Lf the nerve which governs the action of the heart
should be severed, what would the heart do?

It would cease beating.

274. When will motion be lost and feeling remain?

When the motory nerve is severed.

275. When will feeling be lost and motion remain?

When the sensory nerve leading to any part is severed.

276. What ts reflex action?

A sudden action occurring without thought or medita-
tion, as we start at a sound, jump from sudden danger, or
wink at a flash of light or threatened blow.

277. What are day-dreams?

Beautiful imaginings whence all disagreeable things are

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE, 441

excluded; delightful reveries, more commonly known as
“building air-castles.”

278. Describe the eye.

It is the organ of sight, set in a deep, bony socket, con-
taining two humors—the aqueous, a transparent fluid in
the anterior part, and the vitreous, transparent and jelly-
like, situated in the posterior portion, and forming the
greater part of the eye. Between these two humors is the
crystalline lens, a double convex lens.

279. What ts the sclerotic coat?

A dense, fibrous coat, covering the whole eye except in
front, in which the cornea is placed, a transparent and
strong tissue.

280. What is the choroid coat?

The middle coat, containing a black pigment which
absorbs such rays of light as are not needed for vision.

281. Where is the retina?

A delicate nervous membrane, lining the inner surface
of the choroid coat. The images of external objects are
received upon it. Behind, it is continuous with the optic
nerve.

282. What ts the tris?

It is a thin, circular-shaped curtain suspended behind
the cornea, in the aqueous humor, and connected at its
circumference with the choroid coat. A small opening in its
centre, which admits the rays of light, is called the pupil.

283. Describe the lids.

They are composed of cartilages adapted to the shape of
the eye, the skin without, and the lining membrane within.
One circular muscle surrounds the open part of the eye,
and closes the lids when it contracts. Another muscle,
attached to the upper eyelid by one end, and to the bone
of the socket by the other, opens the eye.

442 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

284. Where is the fluid prepared which moistens the eyes?

In the lining membrane of the lids.

285. What are the lachrymal glands and the nasal duct?

The lachrymal glands secrete the tears, and are in the
upper and outer part of the orbit. The tears clean the eye
of any particles of foreign matter, and, upon reaching the
inner corner of the eye, pass through the lachrymal canal
and nasal duct into the nose. ‘The nasal duct is a mem-
branous canal, about three-quarters of an inch in length,
extending from the inner corner of the eye into the nose.

286. What moves the eye?

The eye is rolled by a set of muscles peculiar to itself.
They are attached by one end to the bony socket, and by
the other to the eyeball. By their contractions they roll
the eye in every direction; and by their cooperation both
eyes are directed to a single object.

287. Describe the optic nerve.

It passes from the base of the brain forward through the
socket and into the eyeball. After passing the outer and
middle coats, it is spread upon their inner surface and forms
the retina, which receives the rays of light.

288. How ts vision produced?

The light is reflected from objects, and passes through
the transparent cornea and the pupil into the ball. The
humors and the lens refract it, and give the rays such a
direction that they fall upon the retina, where they form
the image of the object. This impression is carried along
the optic nerve to the brain, and there perception occurs
and the object is seen.

289. What care should be taken in regard to the direction
of the light when one ts at work?

Care should be taken that the light should not fall so that

PHYSIOLOGY, ANATOMY AND HYGIENE. 443

it is reflected directly into our face; if possible it should
come from behind.

290. How does the eye change as one grows old?

The lens loses its convexity in some degree, and the rays
of light are not concentrated at short distances upon the
retina; the person becomes far-sighted.

291. What is the difference between a short-sighted man
and one who is long-sighted?

In one who is near-sighted the lenses are too convex;
in one who is long-sighted the lenses are not convex enough.

292. Why are some persons cross-eyed?

Because the muscles which govern the movement of the
eyeball do not act in harmony: one muscle is more powerful
than another, and draws the eye to one side.

293. What does the organ of hearing include?

The external ear, the internal ear, and the passage
between them.

294. Describe the external ear.

It is composed principally of stiff cartilage; and its shape
is that which is best adapted to catch sounds and transmit
them to the internal ear. The canal leading inward is
about an inch in length, and is covered with hair and wax
to protect it from insects. A thin membrane, the covering
of the drum of the ear, is stretched across the canal, and
separates it from the internal ear.

295. Describe the internal ear.

It consists of a cavity filled with air behind the mem-
brane of the drum, and three small bones which reach from
the membrane to the labyrinth, where the auditory nerve
is spread out in many filaments to receive impressions of
sound,

444 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

296. What is the eustachian tube?

A canal passing from the internal ear to the back part
of the mouth, and serving as a vent to the air in the drum
of the ear.

297. How is sound produced?

The pulsations of air pass along the external canal and
cause the membrane of the drum to vibrate, which trans-
mits the vibrations by the air and three small bones to the
labyrinth, where, in some unexplained manner, the filaments
of the auditory nerve receive the impression; this is con-
veyed to the brain, and we hear.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
ON

PARTICIPLES AND INFINITIVES

1. What construction have infinitives and participles?

All infinitives and participles have the construction and
use of the noun, the adjective, or the adverb.

2. When has an infinitive the construction of a noun?

When used as subject of a verb, or in apposition with a
noun; as a noun in the absolute case; as the object of a
verb or preposition.

3. Lllustrate by example.

To play is natural. Zo do good is conducive to happiness.
To lie; oh, how base! They love fo Zaugh. What went ye
out for fo see?

4. When has the infinitive the construction of an adjective ?

When used to limit or modify the meaning of a noun.

5. Give examples.

A desire ¢o play is natural. He gave orders #o march.
This rule is /o be observed —adjective in the predicate.
This /0-be-observed rule is, or exists.

6. When has the infinitive the construction of an adverb?

When used to limit the meaning of a verb, adjective,
adverb, or other infinitive.

445

446 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

7. Give examples.

They came /o see; 1. e., for the purpose of seeing. They
were anxious fo go. ‘That horse is strong enough fo draw
any load. I wish to go to town /o trade to-day.

8. Have infinitives case?

They have not. Case belongs alone to nouns and
pronouns.

9. Has the infinitive always a subject?

It has, but not always expressed.

10. What is the subject of “to go,” im “I wished to go
home”?

The subject of “to go” is “I,” understood; the meaning
evidently is, I wished ¢hat / might go home.

11. /n what case ts the subject of the infinitive ?

In the objective case, except when its subject is, or refers
to, the same person or thing as the subject of the finite
verb, or when the subject is any word but a noun or pronoun.

12. Has the participle always a subject?

It has, either expressed or implied.

13. Ja what case ts the subject the participle?

Usually in the possessive case; sometimes in the ob-
jective; as: There is no harm in children’s playing by the
river (subj. poss.). There is no harm in children playing
by the river (subj. obj.).*

14. What ts the rule for the construction of participles ?

They are to be used in all cases like the infinitive.

15. lu the sentence, ‘**Zo be honest with you, L was in

error,” parse “to be.”

To be: verb; irreg., intrans., act., pres., infin., with the

* This is much disputed, many claiming that the possessive pronoun
“their,” understood, is the subject of “playing,” in the second sentence.

PARTICIPLES AND I[NFINITIVES. 447
construction of an adverb limiting the verb confess, under-
stood — [I confess] (in order) to be honest, etc.

16. /x what manner do we determine whether the infinitive
has the construction of a noun, an adjective, or an adverb?

First, and mainly, by the sense or meaning; when the
infinitive has the construction of an abverb, the words ‘in
order” can be placed immediately before the infinitive
without destroying the sense; as: ‘They came [in order |
to see. When it has the construction of an adjective it
can be changed to its present participle, placed immediately
before the word it limits, and make good sense; as: He
asked for money /o spend, i. e., spending-money. I want a
place Zo study. i. e., studying-place.

17. How do we determine what is the subject of the
injinitive, when that is not apparent, as in “ He was eager to
depart”?

Change the infinitive to its equivalent subordinate clause,
and the subject will appear. He was eager /o depart, i. e.,
that he might depart. eis the subject. Be so good as /o

£0, 1. e&., that you should go. John was told not /0 ga, i. e.,
that /oin should not go.

18. Jn the sentence, “To dite ts gain,” what is the subject
Rpetordie 22

Person, understood. Expanded, That any person should
die is gain.

a 4
D

‘ : nts ee, ve
cf

5.

ae

Cora’ "i are

OME MOULD RAP PS VOM esate ee ee

ie ~
- 2

aah treqtag eter hade he nae t+ Po Hien Noe a

ele gV SRE Ae Reval ve Tat a ee See: ) Ase
Cis hye: BaY> seuyt ort sions canal Ysera ae

if petisoltin. wa Ri soli sae emte Jt Bae iv
i vii bSAuind heoaS) bhgry hee pee She ae ‘ota
shin, yey eosin looky aalapeieiey aon § 3: he a
oh Peta Y paket sgt aged? met ee Ra ee 1cu ay

Tebid ACh Sie ese

SRA We? bis, El Pa PRR eee ang

.

*
es

<a avirhe Sig Ordaa Stat tyes 2 ¥ BAN int id Seem
; ie Saeat thy SM uRRS ET ot. as, ite a
. A yf ints as, 72 at oat tion's eta pare hs ae
se > fe? a Ris Kt Ts “ Ente ed; a pha oa a it ‘

ir

a
: WaSRA Sa re e ae ott Peiies! CR. a x

Be Isat nace oine Pao roars

apes: Daistees mse tr 2 ‘ airs an At sia

ihe a Bp Re ee s a tei: og Pied

tans Lal

ie aed vies oa aa font Petra ines fangae

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

WRITING.

1. Define writing.

The art of expressing thought in legible characters; in
the broadest sense, the use of a form for the conveyance of
meaning.

2. What are the principal subjects to which attention
should be given in teaching or learning the art of writing?

Position; manner of holding pen; movement; form;
rate; spacing and shading.

3. How many positions are commendable, and what are
they?

Four: the “left,” the “front,” the ‘“right-oblique” and
the “right.”

4. Describe the “left” position.

One sits or stands with the left side inclined toward the
desk, the left arm lying on the book or paper, the weight of
the body supported mainly by the left side and right arm,
the book or paper at right angles to the desk.

5. Under what circumstances ts the left position generally
used, and with advantage?

When writing in large books, or when it is impossible or
inconvenient to turn the paper obliquely.

449

450 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

6. Describe the “front” position.

One sits or stands directly facing the desk, near it, but
not leaning over it; the forearms both on the desk and
nearly at right angles to each other, the left holding in
place the book or paper, which should be inclined so that
the lines meet the right forearm at right angles.

7. What particular advantage has the front position?

The weight of the body is not thrown to either side;
hence this position is best adapted to resist fatigue of the
bodily muscles.

8. Describe the “right-oblique” position.

One sits or stands with the right side inclined toward
the desk, the right forearm resting wholly on the desk, the
left partly so and the copy placed obliquely on the desk.
The weight of the head and shoulders is thrown on the
left side.

9g. Describe the “right” position.

One sits or stands with the right side turned to the desk
but not in contact with it, the right forearm as well as the

copy being on the desk parallel with its edge, and the copy
held in place by the fingers of the left hand.

10. What special caution should be kept in view in each
and all of the before-mentioned positions ?

To keep the body erect and by no means to permit the
head to drop forward over the paper. .

11. Describe the manner of holding the pen.

The manner most common among business men and
taught in most of our commercial colleges, is that rec-
ommended by Mr. Spencer: holding the pen between
the first two fingers and thumb, the holder crossing the
forefinger in front of the knuckle-joint and the second
finger at the root of the nail; the end of the thumb touch-
ing the holder opposite the lower joint of the first finger;

the other fingers separate from the first two at the middle
joint and curved so that the ends of the nails rest upon
the paper.

12. What ts meant by movement?

The proper motion of the muscles of the shoulder, arm
and hand in writing.

13. How many kinds of movement are usually employed
in writing ?

Two: the combined and the whole-arm.

14. Describe each.

The combined movement is the motion of the muscles of
the forearm and fingers together, resting upon the elbow
and the nails of the third and fourth fingers; this is used in
ordinary writing.’ The whole-arm movement is a motion
of the muscles of the whole arm and shoulder, resting upon
the nails of the third and fourth fingers and upon the point
of the pen; this is used in making large capitals and
flourishes, and in blackboard exercise. ‘The wrist joint
should in all cases be kept free.

15. What is meant by form?

The exact shape and appearance of a character, repre-
senting a thought preconceived in the mind.

16. /n what manner does a careful study of form ard in
making a good penman?

The mind directs the action of the muscles, and, as
writing is a result of muscular action, the mind must have
a clear, concise and ready conception of what it wishes the
muscles to do before the action can be realized.

17. Whatis a line?

The path left by a point moving in any direction.

18. How many kinds of lines are used in writing?

Two: straight and curved. A straight line is the path

452 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

of a point moving in but one direction; a curved line is
the path of a point constantly changing its direction.
19. How many kinds of curves are used in writing?

Two: right and left. A right curve bends to the right
of a straight line connecting its extremities, while a left
curve bends to the left.

20. Define horizontal, vertical and oblique lines.

A horizontal line is one parallel to the horizon; a
vertical line is one at right angles to the horizon; an
oblique line is one which is neither horizontal nor vertical.

21. When are lines parallel?

When they are equi-distant from each other throughout
their entire length.

22. What is meant by the base line, the head line, and
the top line?

The line upon which the letter rests is the base line.
The line, real or imaginary, which bounds the height of the
small letters, or those but one space in height, is the head
line. ‘The line which bounds the height of the extended
letters, or those three spaces in height, is the top line.

23. What ts an angle?

The space between two lines meeting in a point.

24. How many kinds are used in writing?

Two: right and acute. A right angle is formed by one
right line meeting another perpendicularly. An acute angle
is one smaller than a right angle.

25. What is a degree?

A 36oth part of the circumference of a circle.

26. What is meant by a slant of 52° or of 30°?

If from the centre of a circle a vertical and horizontal
- line be drawn to meet the circumference, and the smaller of

WRITING. 453

the two arcs thus made be divided into ninety equal parts
or degrees, a line drawn from the centre of the circle to a
point on this arc 52° from where the arc meets the
horizontal line, is said to be on a slant of 52°. One drawn
similarly from a point 30° above the horizontal is said to
have a slant of 30°.

27. What is meant by a main slant and a connecting
slant?

A main slant is aslant of 52°, so called because the main
or downward strokes of written letters have this slant. A
connecting slant is a slant of 30°, so called because it is
generally used in upward or connecting strokes.

28. Jn how many ways are the strokes of the pen united in
forming letters?
Three: by angular juncture, as in the upper part of the

small 7; by short curves, as at the base of the small z; and
by oval turns, as in the large O.

29. What are the units for measuring the height and width
of letters?

The height of the small 7, commonly called a space, is the
unit of height. The horizontal distance between the two
straight lines in the letter ~ is the unit of width.

30. What letters are but one space in height?

A, 6, €, t, M, N, 0, U, V, wand x.

31. What is the height ofr ands?

One and one-fourth spaces.

32. A part of what other letter has a similar height?

The final part, or small oval of the letter &.

33. What ts the height of t, d and p?

Two spaces.

34. How far do p and q extend below the line?

One and one-half spaces.

454 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

35. What letters extend two spaces below the line?
TV; Ee Js ¥ OMe.

36. What letters extend three spaces above the line?
b, f, 4, &, 7, and all the capitals.

37. What ts meant by principles?

Lines of a certain and established form, by combinations
of which all letters may be formed.

38. What ts the object of the study and practise of
principles, as such, when learning to write?

1. To simplify the forms of letters. 2. To teach both
mind and muscle this simplified form. 3. To give a stand-
ard for uniformity. 4. To educate the taste to more
pleasing proportions in the parts of letters.

39. Ln what other way may we assist the mind in obtain-
ing a true idea or picture of the form of letters?

By analysis.
40. What is meant by the analysis of letters?

To analyze a letter is to name the separate principles
employed in its construction, and to state their position
and manner of connection.

41. Where should we begin and end in forming the small
letters ?

We should begin on the base line always, and end one
space above the base line.

42. What capitals should begin three spaces above the base
line?

ALOE, M,N, ‘O.
43. Which should begin on the base line?
C, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, Q, 5, U, V, W, X, Y, Z.

WRITING. 455

44. Which are begun less than three spaces above the base
line ?

B, F, P, R, T, which begin two and one-half spaces
above the base line. D begins two spaces above.

45. What is meant by spacing?

Leaving a proper distance between letters, words or
sentences.

46. What distance should be allowed between letters in a
word?
One and one-fourth spaces.

47. Zo what distance is the connecting line carried in
writing letters with a, d, g or q?

Two spaces from the last straight line of the connecting
letter. Write the words, ame, cingue, and notice the
required distance from the bottom of the downward stroke
of 7 to the connecting point of @ and g.

48. When an oval is Joined to a straight line, as in on,
trom what point is the measurement taken?

From the middle of the oval to the straight line of the
following letter.

49. When an oval is joined to an oval, as in 00, how ts
the measurement taken ?

From the middle of first oval to the left side of second
oval.

50. What distance is allowed between a capital and the
first curve of the small letter following it, where the capital
does not join with the small letter?

One-fourth space, recrossing from the base of the capital
letter.

51. What distance ts allowed between capitals used as
initial letters ?

One space.

456 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

52. What distance is allowed between words?

Two spaces.

33. What distance is allowed when the following word
begins with a capital?

The extreme left point of the capital should be one and
one-half spaces from the last downward stroke of the
preceding word.

54. When one word ends with a right curve and the next
begins with a left, or vice versa, what space is left?

Between the straight lines, two and one-third spaces;
between the curves, one and one-third spaces; between the

final downward stroke of the first and the beginning of the
curve for the next word, one and one-half spaces.

55- What distance is allowed between sentences?

Three spaces.

56. What distance is allowed between figures?

One-third of a space.

57. What is meant by shading?

A proper use of light and heavy strokes, the latter
formed by a gently-increasing pressure upon the points of
the pen, which is held and moved so that the pressure is
constantly alike on both points, until the middle of the
stroke to be shaded is reached, and the pressure then
released as gently as it was increased until the stroke is
complete.

58. What letters should not ordinarily be shaded?

All the letters only one space high except a, which
should receive a slight, shade on the first downward curve.

39. Where should the shade occur in t and a?

The heaviest shade should be at the top of the last
downward stroke.

WRITING. 457

60. How should p be shaded?

The shade should begin at the base line and gradually be
increased to the end of the downward stroke.

61. How should £ be shaded?

Only on that part of the downward stroke which is
below the line.

62. Where should the shade occur in b and |, h and k?

In 6 and JZ, on the lower half of the first downward stroke
In 4 and &, on the last downward stroke only.

63. When two or more letters requiring similar shading
occur together, what rule should be observed?

The last should receive but half as much shade as the

first one.

64. Which capital letters should be shaded on the first
curve and which on the second?

Awe, i OO. @. on thefirst;: HH, ZO, U,V,-W. -Y,con
the second.

65. Which should receive shade on the capital stem?
Anes gi Gs Te TK, MON. cP, RSS, “0.

66. What letters receive shading below the base line?
Jj and £ only.

67. What are figures?

Characters to represent numbers.

68. How are figures formed?

The same as letters, from a combination of straight and
curved lines according to set principles.

69. What is the height of figures?

One and one-half spaces, except the 6, which is two
spaces in height.

458 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

70. On what slant are figures written?

A slant of 52°.

71. How far do the figures 7 and 9 extend below the line?

One and one-half spaces.

72. What ts the width of the figures?

They are all one space in width, measured at the widest
part, except the 1 and 0; the o is but one space in width.

73. Where ts the stroke begun forming the figures?

At the upper extremity.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

esi PROBLEMS.

1. Zhe sum of two numbers is 12, and their difference ts
equal to } of the greater. What are the numbers?

The half sum of two numbers plus the half difference
equals the greater.

The half sum minus the half difference equals the less.
Let 2x = difference.

6 + «= greater.

6 — x= less.

2x=6+x
3 Ans. Greater 7}. Less 4#.

2. A farmer made a mixture of barley, oats and peas,
using 2 bushels of barley as often as 5 of oats and 1 of
peas; the whole number of bushels in the mixture was 32.
Flow many bushels of each kind did he use?

Let «= No. bushels peas.
2x = No. bushels barley.
5x = No. bushels oats.
8x=32. Ans. 4 bushels peas, 8 bushels barley,
20 bushels oats.

3. A farm rents for 6 per cent. more this year than Jast.
This year tt rents for $1,060. What was the rent last year?

Let «= rent last year.

x Ox

— = 1060. Ans. $1,000.
100

459

460 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

4. A steamer whose regular speed is twelve miles per hour
in still water, can make a trip up stream in 7 hours and
down in 5 hours. At what rate does the river flow?

Let x= rate of river.
Chen, 7 (12 2) = 5 (02 + 2) eas. 2sours:

5. 4 can doa piece of work in 6 days, B in 4 days. In
what time can they both do it, working together?

Let «= time required by both.

Then) 28 Ans. 2% days.
aia

6. What time is it when 1 of the time past noon equals t
of the time to midnight?

Let «=time past noon.
12 — x = time to midnight.

Then : oe = a. Ans, Half-past 4 o’clock P.M.

7. What fraction ts that which if 1 be added to the num-
erator the fraction will bei but if r be added to the denom-
inator the fraction will be 1?

Let «= numerator of fraction.
y= denominator.
Xx

iat

a
Then —— = } and 4,
ey
8. Divide the number n into two such parts that the
greater, increased by a, shall equal the less, increased by b.

Let «= greater; #— x=less.
Then + -@—(% — x) +, #:

Ans. Greater vitae less i

9g. A says to B: “Give me one dollar and TI shall have
twice as much money as you.’ B says to A: “No; you

TEST PROBLEMS. 461

give me one dollar and I shall have just as much money as
you.” How many dollars have each?

Let «= A’s money; y= B’s money.
Then «+ 1=2(y—1) andx—1 =y+r1,
Ans. A’s= $7. B’s= $e,

10. What is the length of one edge of that cube which
contains as many solid units as there are linear units in the
diagonal through the opposite corners?

Let «= length of edge.
A/ 3x2 = the diagonal.

—— oes
x8 = A 3.57, Ans. 3.

11. Lhe sum of two numbers is 100, and the difference of
their square roots is 2. What are the numbers?

Let «= greater; y=less
Then x +.y=100 and Vx — Wy = od,
Square second equation and subtract. Ans. 64 and 36.

12. What number is that consisting of two digits, units and
tens, which ts equal to three times the sum of tts digits, and if
45 be added to the number, the order of the digits will be
reversed?

The local value of the digit in tens’ place being ten
times that in units’ place, if we let x=units and y=tens
the number will be roy +a. Then roy +x= 3(* +.y) and
loytXtr45=10*x+y, Ans. 27.

13. James is 1 as old as John; 5 years ago he was 1 as
old; how old is each?

Let «= James’s age; y= John’s age.

athenia == - and x«— 5 — Ans. James 10, John 30.

462 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

14. What two numbers are those whose product is 36, and
the difference of their squares is 65?

Let «= one number and y the other.
Then xy= 36 and x«?— y?= 65.
Find value of x” in each equation and compare.
Ans. g and 4.

15. Divide the number 2000 into two such parts that the
greater shall be to the less as 9 to 7.

Let «= greater number and y the less.
Then « + y= 2000 and +: y::9:7 or gy=7-%.
Multiply first equation through by 7 and subtract.
Ans. 1125 and 875.

16. There is a fish whose head is 9 in. long; the tail is as
long as the head and } the body; and the body ts as long as
the head and tail together. What is the length of the fish?

Let «=length of body and 9 + 3x=length of tail.
Then 9+ 9+4*4= 4%, or x=18 + 34 Ans. 72 Inches.

17. A shepherd was met by a band of robbers who
plundered him of + of his flock and 1 of a sheep over; he
afterwards met a second band who took \ of the remainder
and 4 of a sheep over; and a third band took 4 of the last
remainder and 4 ofa sheep over, when he had but 25 sheep
left. How many sheep had he at first?

Let 12 = number he had at first.

gx — 1= first remainder.
6x — 4 =second remainder.
3x — 3 = third remainder.
3x—3=25. Ans. 103.

(Vatvs \Va—WV od )
=e = ee C C
Vat+vi \Wa—V7F )
In both numerator and denominator we have the pro-
duct of the sum and difference of two quantities. <dzs,

Sat vb,

18. Simplify

TEST PROBLEMS. 463

19. A tree 80 feet high is broken during a storm; the
upper part clinging to the stump strikes the ground go feet
from the foot of the tree. How long ts each part?

Let «=upper part and 80 — «= lower part.
Then «?— 427=(80— <x)’. Ans. Upper part 50 feet. Lower
Bo feet:

20. A picture 12 feet by 18 feet ts setin a frame of uniform
width containing the same area as the picture. What is the
width of frame ?

Let «= width of frame.
Then 24% + 36x + 4x7= 216,
Transpose, unite and complete the square.
Ans. 3 inches.

21. Zo find the area ofa scalene triangle whose sides are
a, b and ec.

From the vertical angle let fall a perpendicular to
the base 4.

Let «=the segment adjacent to the side ¢;

6— «=the segment adjacent to the side a;

Then will c?— x*= perpendicular.

Also a? — (6— x)? = perpendicular.

then walk? — 27 —= a7 — (6 — 2)"

After finding the perpendicular multiply the base 4, by
1 the perpendicular.

22. How are the above problems solved arithmetically?

Add the three sides and divide this sum by 2. Sub-
tract each side separately from the half sum. Multiply
the several remainders and the half sum together and
determine the square root of the result.

23. How many strokes do the clocks of Venice, which go on
to 24 o'clock, strike in a day?

S = (2-6). s= 4 X(T 2A): Ans. 300.

COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

464
24. A company of travelers at a hotel incurred a bill of
$r2. Lfthere had been two more in the company each would
have been charged 30 cents less. How many were there in the
company?
Let «= number in the company.
1200 1200
Th — 30= :
en So are
Divide both members by 30. Clear of fractions
Ans. 8.

and complete the square.
25. Lhe sum of three numbers in arithmetical progression
What are the

7s 27, and the product of the extremes is 77.
numbers ?
The formulas will not apply in this problem so let

y=common difference.
Then x — y= first; x=second, and x + y= third.
34S 27) BG, y= 77. ANS. 75.95, 11s
26. A tract of land in the form of a square is surrounded
by a board fence, four boards high, each board 164 feet long;

the number of acres in-the tract equals the number of boards in

the fence. How many acres of land are there?

Let « =side of the square in rods.
x? «
= number of acres.

Then
160
16x = number of boards, each board being 16} feet

x2
or tr rod long. Then pee 16x.
After finding x, square it and divide by 260.
Ans. 40960.

27. A boy being asked how many fish he had, replied:
TI fish are 7 fish more than % of the number. How many

had he?
Let «=the number.

Then 2*+7=11. Ans. 10.

TEST PROBLEMS. 465

28. A man purchased a house with 10 doors, giving $1 for
the first door, $2 for the second, $4 for the third, and so on.
What did the house cost him?

[=are—1, 1= 122°,

: : rl—a
Substitute 7 in s= =

= Ans. $1,023.

29. A man holds an endowment policy payable in 30 years,
and 1 of the time past equals 1 of the time to come. How
much time has passed?

Let «=time passed; 30 — x= time to come.
SO ECS

Ans, 10 years.
2 4

30. One kind of wine is go cents a quart, and another 24
cents. How much of each must be taken to make a quart
worth 28 cents?

Let «=the amount required at 40 cents
and y=the amount required at 24 cents.
Then ++ y=1 and 4ox+ 24y= 28.
Ans. } at 40 cents, and 3 at 24 cents.

31. A farmer has two flocks of sheep, each containing the
same number. From one he sells 39 and from the other 93,
and then finds just twice as many in one flock as in the other.
How many did each flock originally contain ?

Let «= original number in each flock.

Then « — 39 =2(x— 93). Ams. 147.

32. A man being asked his age, replied: If to my age you
add its half, and third, and then deduct 10, the result is 100.
What was his age?

Let x = his age.

Then) 4 4- = + = to=100. Ans. 60 years old.

466 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

33. A merchant has sugar at Q cents and 13 cents a pound,
and he wishes to make a mixture of 100 pounds that shall be
worth 12 cents a pound. How many pounds of each quality
must be taken?

Let x= number of pounds at 9 cents.
and y= number of pounds at 13 cents.
Then + + y= 100, and 9x + 13y= 1,200.
Ans. 25 \bs.at 9 c., and 7° Ibs. at mace

34. A man was hired for a year for $100 and a suit of
clothes; but at the end of eight months he left, and received
his clothes and $60 in money. What was the value of the
suit of clothes?

Let x = value of clothes.
LOO de 00 x

h
Then 3

Ans. $20.

35. Determine the 5th root of 31152784.1 by means of
logarithms, knowing that the logarithm of 31152784.I =
7:493497-

7-493497 + 5 = 1.498699, and by reference to the table

of logarithms 1.498699 is the logarithm of 31.52.
ANS... 3.52.

36. A man sold a horse for $420, thereby gaining 25 per
cent. What was the cost of the horse?

Let «= cost of horse.
A a
‘Men 2 7 257 = 420. Ans. $336.
100
37. Zwo men commenced trade together. The first put in
$40 more than the second; and the stock of the first was to the

stock of the second as 5 to 4. What was the stock of each?

Let «= what the first put in.
Then x — 40= what second put in.
Then #:4—40::524. Ass §200, and @roc,

TEST PROBLEMS. 467

38. A man traveled 36 miles in a certain number of hours;
if he had traveled 1 mile more per hour he would have
required 3 hours less to perform his journey, How many
miles did he travel per hour?

Let «= number of miles traveled per hour.

6 36
Then 2-—3=——. Ans. 3 miles.
eet ee hd :
39. A person after spending $100 more than } of his
income, had remaining $35 more than 4 of it. What was his
income ?

Let «= his income.

Then x = 100 ve ste ate = Ans. 450.

40. A boy engaged to carry 100 glass vessels to a certain
place, and to receive 3 cents for every one he delivered, and to
forfeit g cents for every one he broke. On settlement he
received 240 cents. How many did he break?

Let «= number he broke, and
100 — x= number he delivered.
Then 3x — 9(100— x)= 240. Ans. 5.

41. The shadow of a tree measures 42 feet; a staff 4o
inches long casts a shadow 18 inches at the same time. What
ts the height of the tree?

Let « = height of the tree.

Ve
Phen 42: Sod bae Ans. 98} feet.

42. Divide $360 in the proportion of 2, 3 and 4.

Let 2x= first; 3% —= second and 4x= third.
Then 9x = 360. Ans. $80, $20, $160.

468 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

43. What is the length of the sides of a rectangular field
whose length ts three times its breadth and contains an area
of 10,800 square rods.

Let x=length, and 3x the breadth.
Then 3%?= 10,800. Ans. Length 180, breadth 60.

44. Jf 6 oranges and 7 lemons cost 33 cents and 12
oranges and 10 lemons cost 54 cents, what ts the price of one
of each?

Let x«=price of one orange, and y=price of a lemon.
Then 6% + 7y= 33 and 12x + 1oy= 54.
Ans, Oranges 2 cents; lemons 3 cents.

45. Divide the number 20 into two such parts that the
product of their squares shall equal 9276.

Let x =the greater and y= the less.

Then « + y= 20 and x?y? = 9216.

Determine the square root of both members of the
second equation and compare with the first. Avs. 12
and 8.

PROBLEMS OF PURSUIT.

46. A sets out from a certain place and travels at the rate
of 7 miles ins hours; and 8 hours afterwards B sets out
Jrom the same place, in pursuit, at the rate of 5 miles in 3
hours. How long before B will overtake A?

Let x=number of hours before B will overtake A.

x BE 6
Then 2 — * = Ans. 42 hours.
3

47. Lhe hour and minute hands of a clock are together at
I2 o'clock. When are they next together?

Let «= distance traveled by hour hand.

12. = distance traveled by minute hand.

There being 12 spaces for the minute hand to gain
on the hour hand, 12%—-#=12. Ans. 1 hour, 5 min.,
277 SEC.

TEST PROBLEMS, 469

48. At what time between 2 and 3 o'clock will the hour
and minute hands of a clock be together?

Let x= distance traveled by hour hand.
12 x= distance traveled by minute hand.
The minute hand must gain two revolutions on the
hour hand.
Then texi— += 24. Ans.2 hours, 10 min:, 64.5. sec:

49. What time between 2 and 3 o'clock will the hour and
minute hands be at right angles to each other?

Let «= distance traveled by hour hand.

12x = distance traveled by minute hand.

After the hands are together between 2 and 3 o’clock,
the minute hand must gain three more spaces on the hour
hand.

Then 12%—x=27. Ans. 2 hours, 27 min., 16,4; sec.

50. At what time between 5 and 6 o'clock will the two
hands of a clock be in the same straight line?

Let x = distance traveled by hour hand.

12x = distance traveled by minute hand.
Here five revolutions and six spaces must be gained.
Then 12x = +66. Ans. 6 o'clock.

ee eee ee

Marae) see Nise Sav mane yates

“
Le
-
oa

ss
Soke unt: BS alt MELE, bbz eyes 7 “Livin Raa
hes Seti Ly ase Sh ae
hured sini Soh bebo ie see ae a a
ae reas “PYLE antl Ae GANDA bye dda a ae or Bi
Ps hasta tired telerd ex ory ee e WEED ie bel “ade Py liven
‘ pea, ve ue % ttn et iad S salk rey Aue ee ay
RS “ath ky Cog ee Moka é % irs ot eth eS4. We Se ay ie
ert Wea aly rhe OR Ly sk tek Se Yash vis ; ite
ovina Delviey) uci pam pele a
te) ae oe Falede s} cocrateee oT m

ae a ‘) J Byrn Jo Leh 2 nek Wate: ae 7 be ed! mt me) Ty

peat ny ARs tee a hs Sas sera? FLisse Teuett Sot cheerios tr

inal

: ba
hor ry ve Petts te ‘on nt $s sit Ames ‘ihe od ;

’ oat Boi be A 5

aye Ba § yi 3 bi aig f or la & wen) Bribie ae
Ft Abs Nepean 9

| 4; 7, % Stick teed vet fel et a

os Katee eagles Labatip'cs ui iodo Ro W

sa i nats an ve Die eis Beaks va

mi Agee ici dl at. , Sabet

ny : ee td ae ride |B i yl ty c mul:
est wre 5 Sik ity ‘ AM , un . Pr,
PAE ety eo DeLee the ae Ree) .

oy a AeA ny, GE I eh Les ree Neon we
Rc hg hs Naame ap aw wall ;
Be 58h: Act aici Raat ae aesiesl ied '

is pers hia i ak ahi
ie Seem a

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

ON

PARLIAMENTARY RULERS.

1. What are Parliamentary Rules?

A code of regulations under which a body of persons
may be assembled for deliberation, and governed while
conducting this work.

2. From what source did we derive these recognized rules?

From the British Parliament.

3. Why were they taken from the rules governing the
British Parliament?

They have been adopted in this country because of the
early relationship between England and the United States.
These rules have remained unchanged in the English Par-
liament for several hundred years, and have become a
recognized source of authority among all English-speaking
people.

4. Are these rules binding upon all people im their
assemblies ?

Not binding in the sense of rendering an assemblage
liable to punishment for not following them; but universal
custom, in course of time, comes to have substantially the
force of law, and the general parliamentary rules are sup-
posed to be followed as a matter of course except when
legislative bodies specifically resolve otherwise.

471

472 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

“

5. Ave the rules often changed or ignored?

Not in popular assemblies. In the legislative bodies of
our Federal and State governments different systems of
particular rules have been adopted, yet these are founded
on and embrace all the essential rules of the common par-
liamentary law. Each legislature, therefore, provides itself
with a legislative manual, which becomes the standard
authority for the government of that body,

6. When such a legislative manual is adopted by any
particular legislature, does it become authority for the next
legislature following it?

It does not. Each legislature is free to adopt the rules
of its predecessor or to create new ones.

7. Would it be possible to establish a system of rules which
would unify those of Congress and other legislative assemblies?

It would not. Each body has certain local interests to
consider or certain policies to promote, which require that
it should make its own rules for self-government.

8. Who ts recognized as the most eminent single authority
on parliamentary practice?

Luther S. Cushing, author of Cushing’s Manual; but his
original work has been modified and changed by several
annotators and editors.

9. flow is a popular assembly made into an organized
body?

Organization is effected by any person requesting the
meeting to come to order, and suggesting that some one be
nominated for presiding officer. Such nomination being
made, he puts the question for a vote of the assembly.
Should this nominee be rejected, other nominations are
made, until a choice is effected, whereupon the officer
elected takes the chair, and proceeds in the same manner
to complete the organization of the assembly by helping it

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 473

to choose a secretary and such other officers as may be
deemed necessary.

10. Does this election of officers constitute the permanent
organization of the assembly?

Not necessarily, although in all meetings where people
are called together for a special purpose, no further organi-
zation is customary, but should permanency be desired,
these first officers are regarded as only temporary, to
govern until a permanent organization is effected and
other officers elected to take their places.

11. How is the new organization usually taken up and
acted upon?

By selecting a committee on permanent organization,
who report such articles for government as may have been

suggested by the assembly or by individuals thereof, or
derived from their own judgment. Such report is adopted
or rejected, as the assembly may deem proper.

12. Under such circumstances, is it usual to proceed in the
election of permanent officers in the same manner as in the
election of temporary ones?

It is not. A committee is usually selected, who, after
consultation, recommend the election of certain individuals
as qualified to fill permanently the different offices required.

13. By what name ts the presiding officer recognized?

In organized societies or legislative bodies as ‘‘presi-
dent” or “speaker’’; in political conventions, school meet-
ings, or any ordinary popular assembly, as “chairman’’;
in a secret society, by whatever name may be the pleasure
of that society.

14. What name is applied to the recording officer?

“Secretary” or “clerk.”

474 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

15. Who are entitled to participate in the proceedings of a
meeting?

When the assembly is in response to a call for the whole
people, all are entitled to vote; in political conventions or
caucuses, those who are recognized as electors or delegates
of the party concerned; in school meetings, electors of the
school district; in societies or associations, members in
good standing.

16. How are these electors, delegates or members recognized?

Usually a committee is appointed to examine the creden-
tials presented by the persons who claim a right to take
part.

17. What are credentials?

Certificates of qualification. In Congress, certificates of
membership are given by the executive authority of the
State which each member assumes to represent; in the
State legislatures, from county or parish officers; in political
conventions, from state or local party authorities, according
to circumstances.

18. When are the credentials or certificates of membership
examined and acted upon?

The proper time for this investigation is after the tem-
porary and before the permanent organization.

19. When rival claims are presented, what is the pro-
cedure ?

The committee reports the claims, and all persons in
interest are entitled to a hearing, the decision being left
with those whose rights are not in controversy.

20. Do the contesting members have the privileges of other
members during the discussion of rights?

They do not. After being heard, it is their duty to
withdraw; or if, by the courtesy of the assembly, they are

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. ATS

permitted to remain, they have no further right to discuss
or vote.

21. ls it necessary that the president and clerk shall be
members of the assembly?

As these officers have merely to preside over and record
the proceedings of an assembly, it is not necessary that
they shall, in all cases, be members of the assembly. In
legislative bodies, the clerk is seldom or never a member;
and in the United States Senate and most State senates,
the president is not a member.

22. Ln most societies, what are the officers?

President, vice-president, secretary and treasurer. To
these may be added one or more vice-presidents, one or
more secretaries, and such other officers or committees as
the association desires.

23. When an assembly has rightfully appropriated a room
or place for its sesstons, how can it protect itself from disor-
derly or improper conduct of any member or any person not
entitled to be present?

By employing sufficient force to remove such person or
persons from the meeting.

24. What authority has an assembly to employ such force?

This protection is guaranteed by the Constitution of the
United States, and all strictly necessary resorts to force
are recognized as just.

25. When a person becomes disorderly, ts he subject to
prosecution?

Yes, according to the extent of his offense.

26. How is the judgment, opinion, sense or will of a
deliberative assembly expressed?

According to the nature of the subject, by resolu-
tion order or vote. When it commands, it is an order;

476 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

opinions are expressed by resolution; questions are decided
by vote.

27. What object was in view when the various ways of
disposing of a proposition or motion were adopted?

As all questions are liable to be imperfect in form,
objectionable in part, and not presented at the desired
time, it was necessary that various ways should be invented
by which the question could be retained, perfected, pre-
sented when desired, or postponed from time to time, at
the will of the assembly.

28. What is a quorum?

A sufficient number of members for the transaction of
business.

29. What number constitutes a quorum?

Usually, in councils, legislative bodies or associations, a
rule is adopted determining this point; but in the absence
of any other rule, a majority of all members is necessary to
constitute a quorum.

30. What is the duty of the presiding officer in regard to a
guorum?

He should not take the chair until he is satisfied that a
quorum is present; if notice be taken, at any time in the
course of the proceedings, that a quorum is not present, it
becomes the duty of the presiding officer to ascertain by
count the number present; should a quorum be lacking,
the assembly must cease to transact business.

31. Why is it necessary that a certain number should con-
stitute a quorum?
In order to secure fairness of proceeding, and to prevent

hasty action, or action agreed to by so small a number of
the members as not to command proper respect.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. AT7

32. What names are given to the codes of general rules,
apart from mere procedure, by which organized assemblies are
governed?

Constitution and by-laws.

33. How are changes made in the rules of any organ-
zzation ?

By some method prescribed in the Constitution or by-
laws; when there is no prescribed rule, it is proper for the
assembly to act at any time upon an amendment the same
as on any other question; for the suspension of a rule,
however, there must’be unanimous consent.

34. When adopted rules are disregarded or infringed upon,
whose duty ts tt to take notice thereof?

Any member has the right to report such offense and
require that the presiding officer enforce the rule without
debate or delay.

35. Suppose it is not the wish of the assembly that a par-
ticular rule be enforced?

It matters not; so long as one member insists upon its
execution, it must be done. It is then too late to alter,
repeal or suspend the rule.

36. How may any future enforcement of distasteful rules
be avoided?

By amending them at the proper time.

37. Lf there ts no specific provision for amendment or
repeal of rules, when can changes be made?

At any time when it is the will of the assembly to amend
or repeal.

38. Maya rule be dispensed with or suspended where there
is no express provision on this subject?

It may not, except by general consent.

478 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

39. What ts meant by the term “general consent,” as used
in parliamentary practice?

The unanimous opinion of the assembly.

o. Ln taking a vote, does it always require a majority to
4 5 ’ Ly g ]
ass the guestion?

In all the common transactions of the people, a majority
rules; but in legislative bodies, on some particular points
such as the entering of the yeas and nays upon the record,
one-fourth or one-fifth of the members present may carry
the question, while other subjects may require a two-thirds
vote, as in impeachment trials or the repassing of acts
which have been vetoed.

41. When an assembly ts not likely to finish tts business at
one sitting, when would be the most appropriate time to arrange

for reassembling?

It would be more satisfactory in all cases to decide this
matter before the time to close has arrived. The calm
judgment of the assembly would be better expressed then,
as impatience is often manifested when the motion to
adjourn is made.

42. Ln the election of officers, why is it necessary that
absolute majorities should be required?

As all officers of a deliberative assembly are removable
at the pleasure of the assembly, it is not reasonable to
suppose that persons elected by a minority could retain
their offices when opposed by a majority. It is essential
in the transaction of business that they should possess the
confidence of the members, which they cannot be said to
do unless they have the suffrages of at least a majority.

43. What are the duties of a presiding officer?
To open the assembly at the prescribed hour; to announce

in its proper order the business to be transacted; to receive
and submit all proper motions and propositions offered by

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 479

the members; to put to vote all regular questions presented
for action, and to announce the results; to enforce order
and decorum, and to restrain the members, when engaged
in debate, from the violation of the rules of courtesy; to
receive all communications, and announce them to the
assembly; to sign his name to all acts, orders and proceed-
ings of the assembly, when necessary; to decide all points
of order or practice when called upon to do so; to name
the members who are to serve on committees when no other
provision has been made for their appointment; and, in
general, to obey the commands of the assembly, declare its
will, and stand as its representative.

44. Ln the absence of the president and vice-president, whose
duty is it to preside?

It then becomes the duty of the secretary to open the
meeting and conduct the proceedings until a president or
chairman is chosen.

45. Does the presiding officer thus chosen have the same
power conferred upon him as the regular president?

He does; the only difference being that he does not hold
power beyond this particular session.

46. What ts an officer pro tempore?

An officer appointed to fill, for the time being, the place
of an absent one.

47. Ln addressing an assembly, does the presiding officer
rise?

To state a motion, or put a question, he should rise, but
he may read sitting.

48. What ts the duty of the recording officer?
To take note of and record all the business transactions
of the assembly; but he is not required to take minutes of

words used in debate, or of things proposed or moved
without coming to a vote. It is also his duty to read all

480 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

papers or communications; to call the roll of the assembly;
to notify committees of their appointments and the business
referred to them; to sign, if necessary, with the president,
all acts or orders of the assembly; and to hold and protect
all papers and documents, letting none be taken from the
table without permission of the assembly.

49. What position should the secretary or clerk assume
while reading, or while calling the assembly?

He should stand, unless disabilities prevent.
50. What is meant by calling the assembly?

Calling, by name, each member, whose duty is to respond
by expressing his choice for or against the question before
the assembly. This mode of obtaining the opinion of an
assembly is often adopted in conventions where nominations
for offices are made. It is quicker than a ballot.

51. What are the rights and duties of members of any
assembly?

Every member is entitled to the same rights in the busi-
ness transactions of the assembly; he is entitled to the
respect of all other members while debating or recommend-
ing any proposition. It is the duty of every member to
act the part of a gentleman in manners and language, and
to avoid, as far as possible, any unnecessary noise and
confusion.

52. Lu cases of irregular or disorderly conduct, what should
be done?

It is the privilege of every member to report such conduct,
and it is the especial duty of the presiding officer to take
notice of and call the attention of the assembly to it, naming
the guilty person. The latter is entitled to a hearing,
if he wishes to explain his conduct. It is then his duty to
withdraw from the assembly, unless permission be granted
him to remain, but not to take further action, as no man is
entitled to sit as his own judge.

e

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 481

53. What punishment can be inflicted upon a member for
willfully violating the rules of the assembly?

Only such as relates to his rights in the assembly. He
may be debarred from taking any action for a stated time;
or he may be expelled, or subjected to any prohibition which
the assembly desires.

54. What misdemeanors are called high breaches of
decorum ?

Assault by one member upon another, threats, challenges,
affrays, etc.

55. When a member desires to speak, whether in debate or
for the introduction of business, how shall he proceed?

He must rise in his place and address the presiding officer
by his title; the presiding officer then calls the member by
his name, which carries permission to proceed with his
business.

56. When two or more persons rise at the same time, or
nearly so, to address the assembly, how shall the presiding
officer decide who shall speak first?

He should give the floor to the member whose voice he
first heard.
57. Should this decision be called in question, what must

be done?

The presiding officer must refer his decision to a vote of
the assembly, and be guided thereby.

58. What are communications ?

They are of two kinds: those which convey information
of some general character, and those which contain a
request for some action on the part of the assembly. ‘The
latter class embraces orders, resolutions or votes.

59: What are motions 07 questions?

Propositions drawn up by any member and introduced

482 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

for action in the assembly; but a motion must in all cases
be sanctioned or seconded by another member.

60. How is a petition prepared for presentation?

A petition should contain a carefully constructed state-
ment of what is desired, and be signed by the petitioner
himself, except when sickness prevents or he is attending
in person. In no case, however, should the petitioner
present his own prayer to the assembly; it should be
presented by some other member to whom it is entrusted.

61. What is the duty of the member preseniing a petition?

He should first inform himself of the nature and sub-
stance of the petition. If, in his judgment, it contains
nothing intentionally disrespectful to the assembly, he
should rise in his place with the petition in his hand and
inform the assembly that he has a certain petition, stating
the substance of it. Then he, or some other member,
should move that it be received. This motion being
seconded, the question is put whether the are will
receive the petition or not.

62. What deviation is usually practised from this regular
method of proceeding ?

The presiding officer usually, taking for granted that
there are no objections to its reception, orders it sent up to
the clerk, or secretary, and it is then read, by which means
it is brought before the assembly to be disposed of as
business; but should objections be made to this deviation,
the presiding officer must require a motion of reception to
be regularly made and seconded, or the subject must be
dropped without further action.

63. When petitions or other similar subjects are before the
assembly for action, how are they usually disposed of?

By being immediately considered or assigned to some

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 483

future time, or ordered to lie on the table for examination
and consideration by the members individually.

64. When any question ts ordered to lie on the table, when
does it again come before the assembly?

Not until the members require it.

65. Whenever a member introduces a proposition of his own
for consideration by the assembly, how can he obtain the action
of the assembly?

He must put it into proper form and move that it be
adopted; if it receives the second of any member, it comes
before the assembly for action.

66. As motions are usually made orally, what indulgence
zs extended to the mover by the presiuting officer?

It does not require that the motion be presented in
writing. If otherwise presented, he is justified in refusing
to receive it, except a motion for adjournment, or that a
matter lie on the table, or some similar routine motions,
always made in the same form.

67. When a motion is made and receives no second, does it
command further attention from the assembly?

It does not, and no notice should be taken of it by the
presiding officer. To this rule exceptions occur, such as
where the presiding officer has to enforce decorum, or where
it is necessary to proceed with some order of the assembly.
Sometimes a special rule is passed requiring more than one
second on particular subjects.

68. When is a motion in the possession of the assembly?

After it has been made and seconded, and stated by the
presiding officer.

69. After a motion has been stated by the presiding
officer, can the mover withdraw it from the assembly?

He cannot, except by special leave of the assembly, for
it no longer belongs to him.

484 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

70. When a motion has been made and seconded, but not
yet stated by the presiding officer, can it be withdrawn or
modified ?

The mover may withdraw or modify it, either of his own
accord, or on the suggestion of some other member, or of
the presiding officer, and without any motion or vote for
the purpose.

71. What is the duty of the presiding officer in regard to
stating a motion when called upon to do so by any member?

Whenever a member desires a motion stated for his infor-
mation, it becomes the duty of the presiding officer to
observe the request.

72. While one motion ts before the assembly, can another
motion be made and acted upon?

Not unless it is one which by its nature has priority of
the question under consideration.

73. Are members allowed to make remarks when there is
no question before the house?

When the remarks relate to some business not yet moved
as a question, yes; but the presiding officer should be
careful to check all observations which may tend to excite
debate, it being a general rule that no debate can be allowed
to take place on any question not actually pending.

74. When a proposition is made, and the assembly is not
willing to give tt attention at that time, how ts it disposed of?

For this purpose resort is had to the previous question,
indefinite postponement, postponement to some future time,
or laying on the table; or, if the motion is not in a Satis-
factory form, reference to a committee.

75. While a motion is under debate, what motion may be
entertained?

To adjourn; to lay on the table; for the previous ques-
tion; to postpone to a day certain; to commit; to amend;

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 485

and to postpone indefinitely. These several motions have
precedence in the order in which they are arranged here.

76. By what name are these questions distinguished from
the principal motion?

They are called subsidiary questions.

77. How would you define subsidiary questions?

As questions which relate to the principal motion, and
are used to enable the assembly to dispose of it in the most
appropriate manner. ‘These motions are sometimes used
also to destroy the principal question, and even to dispose
of one another.

78. How are subsidiary questions classified?

Under four heads.

First, if the question is considered useless or inexpedient,
and the assembly desires to suppress it either for a time or
altogether, the previous question and indefinite postpone-
ment are used.

Second, when more information is wanted, or time for
examination and reflection, or the assembly has other mat-
ters more deserving of its present attention, motions to
postpone to some future day or time, and to lay on the
table, are used.

Third, when the form is defective, or more careful,
deliberate consideration should be given the subject than
can be conveniently by the assembly, a motion to refer to
a committee is most proper.

Fourth, when alterations are desired, the motion to
amend is used.

79. What zis the previous question?

A motion intended to suppress debate and bring the
question to a vote, or to remove it from before the assembly.
Its form is: “Shall the main question now be put?” If the
previous question is lost, the question under debate is

486 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

considered suppressed for the day; but if it is carried, then
the question is put immediately, without further debate.

80. What is the result of an indefinite postponement?

To suppress a motion entirely. An indefinite postpone-
ment is equivalent to a dissolution.

81. When should motions to postpone be made?

When the members individually want more information
than they possess, or where there is something else which
they desire to dispose of first.

82. Lf a subject is postponed, when may it be taken up
again?

Whenever it may suit the convenience of the assembly.

83. What subsidiary motion ts usually made when it ts the
desire of the assembly to postpone a question until the subject
under consideration may suit their convenience better than
when presented?

To lay the question on the table. This question is not
debatable.

84. When a subject has been laid on the table, how may it
be recalled?

By a motion and vote, at any time when the assembly
pleases; although, when any matter has been thus disposed
of, it is generally understood that it will not again become
a subject on the same day, unless such intention is so
specified when the motion to table is made.

8s. Jn what form should a motion be made when it ts
desired to proceed with a matter which has been ordered to lie
on the table?

“T move that the assembly do now proceed to consider
[here naming the matter or subject ].”

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 487

86. Suppose a question when ordered to lie on the table ts
never recalled, what becomes of it?

It remains as dead. Hence the motion to table is often
used to suppress a question under debate.

87. What is a motion to commit?

A motion to refer to a committee, or, if the subject has
been in the hands of a committee, a motion that it be
‘referred back,” or ‘“*recommitted.”

88. What authority has the committee thus appointed?

It must follow the instructions of the assembly. If no
particular instructions are given, then the committee must
re-frame the matter, but it cannot change the subject.

89. Can more than one committee be appointed to perfect
any proposition ?

Different parts may be committed to different com-
mittees.

go. What are motions to amend?

To unite with the subject matter of a proposition some
points or propositions not therein contained.

gi. What is the division of a question?

When a proposition is composed of two or more parts,
which are so far independent of each other as to admit of
a division into several questions, and it is supposed that
the assembly will approve of some of these parts but not
all of them, a division may be made on a separate motion
for that purpose.

g2. When a motion is thus divided, what becomes of it?

It becomes a series of questions, to be considered and
acted upon each by itself as an independent matter, in the
order in which the mover has divided the proposition.

93. Are these questions open to amendment?

They are, the same as any other propositions.

488 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

94. What must be the condition of a proposition to admit
of a division?

Its points must be so distinct and self-sufficient that if
one or more of them be taken away the others will not be
affected by the division.

9s. Ln legislative bodies, what is the mode of presenting
and acting upon propositions known as filling blanks?

They are presented in regular form, but blank in regard
to time, number, or amount, which the mover desires to
have filled by the assembly; they include such matters as
the time of postponement, the number of which a com-
mittee shall consist, the amount of fine to be imposed, etc.

96. Ln filling blanks in a motion, does it require separate
action for each blank filled, and are such motions amend-
ments ?

The blanks are to be filled by regular motions, which are
not considered as amendments but as original motions, to
be made and decided before the principal question.

97 When several propositions are made for filling blanks
which relate to time or number, which proposition must be
taken up first?

The greatest or farthest, and the assembly proceeds so
on down to the least or nearest.

98. When the propositions relate to limitation—as the
amount of tax to be raised, the rate of interest, on what day
the session of a legislature shall be closed by adjournment, or
the like, which proposition must be taken up first?

The least or nearest, and the assembly proceeds so on
up to the greatest or most remote.

99. When are the terms addition, separation avd trans-
position wsed in legislative assemblies?

They are used whenever a matter presented for action

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 489

contains more than one proposition, which might be better
embraced in one; or when a proposition should be sepa-
rated into parts; or when a paragraph or section requires
to be transposed. But these modes of disposing of a propo-
sition ought to be referred to a committee.

too. After an amendment has been stated by the presiding
officer, can the mover change it?

He cannot; the same rule controls the amendment as
the original question.

tor. When an amendment is proposed, and the mover of
the original question signifies his consent to it, what digression
zs often practised?

The amendment is incorporated with the original mo-
tion, and action taken on the whole at once.

102. After a question or an amendment has been seconded,
can the mover withdraw it?

Only by general consent. Such motions, not coming to
a vote, need not to be recorded.

103. /z how many ways may the form ofa question be
affected by amendments ?

In any one of three ways: by inserting or adding certain
words; by striking out certain words; or by striking out
certain words and inserting or adding others.

104. As all forms of amendment are subject to certain
general rules, how are these rules classified?

As First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth.

105. What are these?

Rute Frrst.— When a proposition consists of several
sections, paragraphs or resolutions, the natural order of
considering and amending it is to take up the paragraphs
in the order in which they occur; and after a latter part has

490 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

been amended, it is not in order to alter or amend any for-
mer part.

Rue Seconp. — There can be no amendment of an
amendment to an amendment. Whenever a _ proposed
amendment to an amendment does not meet the require-
ments of the assembly, notice should be given by the one
who desires to amend, that, if rejected, he shall move it
again in the form in which he desires to have it adopted.

Rute Tuirp. — Whenever a proposed amendment has
been adopted or rejected by the assembly, the subject in
question cannot afterward be altered or amended. In this
rule, let it be observed that whenever an amendment has
been voted upon by the assembly, it cannot again be
amended; but before the proposed amendment has been
brought to a vote, it is susceptible to change under Rule
Second.

RuLe Fourtu. — Whatever amendment is disagreed to
by the assembly cannot again become a question.

Rute Firra.— When a proposed amendment is an in-
fringement on one already adopted, this is fit ground for its
rejection by the assembly, but not for its suppression by
the presiding officer as out of order.

106. ln Rule Fifth, if the proposition is fit for rejection
by the assembly, why may it not be suppressed by the presiding
officer ?

The object is to guard against the possibility of the pre-
siding officer’s suppressing an important modification,
which might embarrass instead of subserving the will of
the assembly.

107. When an amendment is made by striking out a
particular paragraph or certain words, and the amendment ts
rejected, can it again be moved to strike out the same words or
a part of them?

The same words, or a part of them, if used with other

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. - 491

words and forming a different proposition, can be struck
out the same as if no rejection had been made. The same
rule is applicable to words which have been struck out and
restored in connection with other words, providing the
second proposition is substantially different from the first.

108. When an amendment to an amendment has been
moved, how shall the presiding officer proceed in stating the
question?

By putting the amendment to the amendment first; then
the amendment; and, last, the original question as amended.

109. Ln the third form of amending, by striking out and
inserting, what is the mode of proceeding?

As the form is a combination of the other two, it may
be divided into these two forms by a vote of the assembly.
If the motion is divided, the question first to be decided is
on striking out; if this is carried, the question of inserting
follows. Should the question for striking out be lost, then
of course there can be no question for inserting. When
the motion to strike out and insert is made as one question,
and is lost, the same motion cannot be made again, but it
may be moved to strike out the same words and insert
nothing; to insert other words; to insert the same words
with others; to insert a part of the same words with others;
to strike out the same words with others, and insert the
same; to strike out a part of the same words with others
and insert the same; to strike out other words, and insert
the same; and to insert the same words without striking
out anything: provided, in all cases, that these new propo-
sitions are really different from the original motion.

110. When a motion to strike out and insert ts carried,
what changes can be made?

As the words struck out, or a part of them, cannot be
inserted, or the words inserted, or a part of them, cannot
be struck out, it becomes necessary, if changes are desired,

492 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

either to insert the words struck out, or a part of them,
with other words; or to strike out the words inserted, or
a part of them, with other words.

111. What ts the manner of stating a question which ts
required to be amended by striking out, or inserting, or strikine
out and inserting other words?

The passage to be amended should first be read; then
the words proposed to be struck out, or inserted, or struck
out and inserted; and lastly, the whole passage as it will
stand if the amendment is adopted.

112. Can an amendment be made which will destroy the
entire original motion?

It can. Although the presumptive object of an amend-
ment is for improvement, not destruction. If the assembly
so wills, a bill may be amended by striking out all after
the enacting clause and inserting a new bill wholly differ-
ent in effect.

113. Ln deliberative assemblies, what motion can be made
to take the place of a regular question ?

Any one of a class known as privileged questions.
These are of three kinds: first, motions to adjourn; sec-
ond, those which relate to the rights and privileges of the
assembly or of its members; and third, motions for the
order of the day.

114. Ls a motion for adjournment always in order?

Commonly. But there are exceptions to this rule.
When the assembly is voting by ayes and noes, or a
member is speaking, it is not in order.

115. Zo entitle this motion to precedence over any before
the assembly, how must it be given?

Simply as a motion to adjourn, without the addition of
any particular day or time.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES, 493

116. Cana motion to adjourn be amended?

When it is the object of the motion to supersede a
question already proposed, it does not admit of amendment;
but if made when there is no other business before the
assembly, it may be amended like other questions.

117. When an assembly ts adjourned without any par-
ticular day or time, when does it meet again?

At the next regular day, as provided by a rule or by its
own by-laws. But the adjournment, from time to time, of a
meeting not organized for the transaction of business, is
equivalent to a dissolution.

118. When a question ts interrupted by adjournment, and
before any vote has been taken upon it, does it stand before the
assembly at the next day of meeting?

Ordinarily it must be brought forward again in the usual
way; but if the question has been stated by the presiding
officer, it stands before the assembly.

119. Zowhatare questions of privilege assumed to relate?

To the rights and privileges of the assembly, or of its
individual members, such as a disturbance of the assembly
by members or strangers, or a quarrel between members.
The settlement of such rights or privileges supersedes the
question pending, and must be first disposed of. When
settled, the question interrupted is to be resumed at the
point where it was suspended.

120. What are the orders of the day?

When one or more subjects have been assigned for a
particular day by an order of the assembly, they become
the order of the day.

121. When must the demand for the orders of the day be
entertained ?

Whenever a proposition, except a motion to adjourn, ora
question of privilege, is presented for the action of the

494 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

assembly, and does not relate to the orders of the day. In
that case a motion to proceed with the business ordered
will supersede the question before the assembly.

122. When the demand for orders of the day is met affirm-
atively, how does the assembly proceed?

The orders must then be read and gone through with in
the order in which they stand. Should an order be assigned
to a particular hour, a motion to proceed to it is not a
privileged motion until that hour arrives; but if no hour is
fixed, the orders are for the entire day and every part of it.

123. What becomes of the original motion when interrupted
by the orders of the day?

It is removed from the assembly the same as an inter-
ruption by an adjournment. See No. 118.

124. Lf the question is decided in the negative, what bust-
ness can the assembly act upon?

It can continue with the business which was before it
when interrupted, and is entitled to dispose of this before
the orders of the day can again be moved.

125. Lf the business relating to the orders of the day ts not
disposed of on the day assigned, what becomes of it?

It is no longer an order of the assembly; and, if acted
upon afterwards, it must come up as any other business.

126. What are incidental questions?

Such as arise out of other questions, and are entitled to
be decided before the questions which give rise to them.

127. How are incidental questions divided?

Into five classes: first, questions of order; second,
motions for the reading of papers, etc.; third, motions
for leave to withdraw a motion; fourth, motions to suspend
a rule; and fifth, motions to amend an amendment.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES, 495

128. What ts the duty of the presiding officer in relation to
questions of order?

To enforce the rules and orders without question, debate
or delay. i

129. Can the presiding officer be questioned in regard to his
decision of a breach of order or departure from rule?

He can. Questions may arise in which there is no
breach of order or violation of rules; and these must be
decided before a case can arise for the enforcement of the
rules.

130. What is an appeal from the decision of the chair?

Whenever the decision of the presiding officer is not
satisfactory, any member may object to it, and have the
question decided by the assembly. Such a question is
debatable, and to be decided like any other.

131. When an appeal is made, how does the presiding
officer state tt to the assembly?

“Shall the decision of the chair stand as the decision of
the assembly?”

132. When an appeal ts before the assembly, ts the presid-
ing officer entitled to express his own opinion?

He is entitled to take part in the debate then, although
on ordinary occasions he is prohibited from doing so.

133. What is the rule in regard to reading papers?

Where papers are laid before an assembly for its action,
every member has a right to have them read once at the
table before he is compelled to vote upon them. When,
therefore, a member calls for a reading, no question should
be raised; but if a member desires a repetition of the
reading, or of some other paper, book or document on the
table, or of his own speech prepared beforehand in writing,
and objection is made, he must obtain leave of the assembly
by motion and vote,

496 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

134. Why must the consent of the assembly be obtained in
such cases?

Because of the delays and interruptions which would
ensue if members were allowed to use the time of the
assembly for such purposes.

135. When, in the course of a debate or other proceeding,
the reading of a paper ts called for and objection is made, how
must the assembly proceed?

A new question, to decide whether the paper shall be
read or not, can be made, which takes the place of the
other, as incidental to it.”

136. When a motion has been regularly made, and the
presiding officer has put the question formally to the assembly,
can it be withdrawn?

Only by unanimous vote of the assembly.

137. What is the suspension of a rule?
When a proposition is debarred from action of the

assembly by some special rule, such rule may be removed
for the time by a vote for the suspension of the rule.

138. Jn the suspension of a rule, does a majority vote
decide ?

In most legislative bodies it requires two-thirds or three-
fourths, according to the code of rules adopted; but if no
provision is made, the only mode of suspending or dispens-
ing with a rule seems to be general consent.

139. How is an amendment of an amendment to be treated?

Like any other incidental question, the sub-amendment
superseding the amendment until decided.

140. Which of the subsidiary questions admit of no
amendment?

The previous question, and the motion to lay on the
table.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 497

141. Why do these questions not admit of amendment?

Parliamentary usage has fixed the form of the previous
question, “Shall the main question now be put?” which
calls for immediate action; consequently, no change can be
made. ‘The motion to lay on the table, usage has decided
not susceptible to amendment, as it is already as simple as
can be.

142. When the previous question zs moved, can another be
made to prevent its action?

The subsidiary motion to lay on the table will supersede it.

143. Lf the previous question is decided negatively, is the
main question then subject to amendment, commitment, or
postponement?

As the adverse vote has taken the main question out of
the possession of the assembly for the day, nothing remains
before it to amend, commit or postpone.

144. How are questions of postponement classed?
As indefinite, or to a day certain. .

145. Can such questions be amended?

When the postponement is indefinite, it can be amended
to a day certain; and when it is toa day certain, to some
other day; or an amendment may be offered to this amend-
ment, if still a different day is desired.

146. When the amendment postponing to some other day is
rejected, how can a change of day be obtained?

The substituted day may be moved as an independent

question.

147. Lf the motion for postponement is decided in the
negative, what other means can be resorted to for suppressing
debate?

The previous question; or motions tocommit or toamend.

498 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK,

148. Jf a motion for commitment is decided in the
affirmative, can the previous question, or a motion for post-
ponement, be used then?

If the motion to commit is decided in the affirmative,
the question is thereby removed from before the assembly,
and consequently there is no ground for the previous
question or postponement.

149. flow may a motion to commit, or recommit, be
amended?

By the substitution of one kind of a committee for
another, or by changing the number of members of the
committee.

150. What motion supersedes all the other subsidiary
questions?

To lay on the table.

151. Of the subsidiary questions, which can be superseded
by others?

The amendment question. ‘This motion can be super-
seded by postponement to a day certain, or by a com-
mitment.

152. By what reasoning are the motions for postponement
to a day certain and commitment allowed to supersede a pro-
posed amendment?

In either case the proposed amendment is not sup-
pressed, but referred to a committee for careful deliberation.
In case there was urgent business, a long debate might
delay; hence the right to postpone to a day certain.

153. flow should business be brought before an assembly?

In its regular order. In permanent organizations of an
assembly or society, a settled order of business is usually
adopted, and whatever business is to be transacted comes
under that order; but in assemblies where no definite

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 499

system has been established, subjects are taken up when
appropriately presented.

154. When two or more subjects are to be considered, and
no priority has been given to one over the other, which should
command the attention of the assembly first?

They are left to the discretion of the presiding officer,
unless the assembly, by express action, decides to take up
a particular subject.

155. When any paper which consists of several distinct
propositions is presented for the action of the assembly, what ts
the most appropriate manner of proceeding ?

The entire paper should first be read by the secretary or ~
clerk, then by the presiding officer by paragraphs, pausing
at the end of each distinct article for amendments if de-
sired, and, when the whole paper has been thus scrutinized,
the presiding officer puts the final question on agreeing to
or adopting the whole paper as amended or unamended.

156. Where a paper begins with a preamble or title, ts it
proper to proceed first with this?

No. ‘The preamble or title is postponed until the rest
of the paper is disposed of.

157. When a paper has been referred to a committee and is
reported back to the assembly, how ts it taken up for consider-
ation?

The amendments only are first read, in course, by the
recording officer. ‘The presiding officer then reads the
first and puts it to vote, then the second, and so on until
the whole is adopted or rejected, no amendments being
made, except an amendment to an amendment, until all
the amendments reported by the committee have been dis-
posed of, when an opportunity is offered by the presiding
officer to the assembly for amendments to the body of the
paper; and when the whole has been thus acted upon, the

500 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOR.

entire paper is put to vote on a question of agreeing to or
adopting it as the resolution of the assembly.

158. When the resolutions or articles have been thus agreed
upon, how is the final question entered on the record of the
assembly? °

As the order, resolution, etc., of the assembly, and not as
the report of the committee accepted.

159. When the paper referred to a committee is reported
back in a new draft, which is often done when numerous
changes are made, how ts the new draft considered?

As an amendment, and is to be first amended, if neces-
sary, and then put to vote as an amendment reported by
the committee; or, the new draft may first be accepted as
a substitute for the original paper, and then treated as
such.

160. Give an example of how questions may grow out of
each other?

First, a proposition is moved. Then comes a motion to
amend. ‘This is followed by a motion to commit. The
debate results in a question of order. Out of this flows a
question of privilege and rights of members in debate.
Finally, an attempt is made to dispose of the matter by a
motion to lay on the table.

161. ln a case ltke this, we have six questions before the
assembly at one time; how are they to be disposed?

The regular course of proceeding requires the motion to
lie on the table to be put first; if it is carried, the whole
matter is removed from the assembly; if it is lost, the
question of privilege must then be settled; then the ques-
tion of order; then the question of commitment; if this is
lost, the question of amendment is in order; and last of all,
the main question.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 5ot

162. When is a proposition in order for any member to
discuss it?

After it has been moved and seconded, and stated to the
assembly by the presiding officer. Until this is done, it is
not before the assembly.

163. What proceeding is sometimes allowed for the sake of
speedily disposing of business ?

A member moves a principal question, and at the same
time calls for the previous question, or that the resolution
lie on the table.

164. Under such circumstances, what may the presiding
officer do to preserve the right of debate to the assembly?

He may take no notice of the subsidiary question, but
propose the principal one in the usual manner.

165. When a member has obtained the floor, what right
belongs:to him?

The right to express his opinion on the subject under
consideration.

166. Can he be interrupted in his speech by any other
member, moving an adjournment, or demanding the orders of
the day, or making any other privileged motion?

He cannot parliamentarily — that is by right — be inter-
rupted except by a call to order, and when this question is
decided he is entitled to be heard through. When any
matter of privilege affecting the assembly itself or any
of its members, of which the assembly ought to have
instant information — such as obstructing the passage-way
to the hall, a quarrel between members, or a suggestion
that it has become necessary to have lights —this affords
sufficient cause for interruption until the assembly is again
in condition to have the speaker proceed.

502 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

167, When a member has the floor, and calls are made for
an adjournment, or the orders of the day, or for the question,
how are such calls to be considered?

As breaches of order; for no motion can be made with-
out members rising, addressing the chair, and being recog-
nized by the presiding officer.

168. How shall a member address himself to the presiding
officer when he wishes to call attention to some point of order
or privilege or to the orders of the assembly?

“Mr. President, I rise to a point of order.” He should
then proceed with the statement of his point.

169. When the time arrives for proceeding with the orders
of the day, can a man be interrupted while speaking, and new
subjects presented?

He can; for if the debate or consideration of that sub-
ject were allowed to proceed, it might continue through the
day and thus defeat the order.

170. After a motion has been made, seconded and proposed,
to whom is it customary to give the floor on opening the
debate?

To the mover of the question, in preference to others, if
he rises to speak; also, on resuming debate after adjourn-
ment, it is customary to give the floor to the mover of the
adjournment if he desires it.

171. When two or more members claim the floor, to whom
should the presiding officer give the preference?

He should prefer the one who is opposed to the measure
in question; but in all these cases the decision of the pre-
siding officer may be overruled by the assembly.

172. Has a member the right to discuss a subject before it
zs moved?

If he states that he intends to conclude with a motion,

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 503

and informs the assembly what that motion is, he may be
allowed to speak. But if he speaks upon a subject not
known to be, or to be about to become, a motion before
the house, he is liable to be called to order.

173. Js the discussion of a subject, not already moved,
indulged in by the members?

Often, when the subject to be brought before the assem-
bly is not definitely understood, the expression of opinion
is free. This, at least, is allowed when no member raises
an objection. If objection is made, the subject must come
regularly before the meeting.

174. When a member desires to address the assembly for
the purpose of discussion, or to make a motion, how should he
proceed?

He should rise in his place, address the presiding officer
as “Mr. Chairman,” or “Mr, President,” and if he is in
order, the presiding officer will respond by calling the
speaker by name. ‘Thus the assembly receives notice who
it is that speaks, and may give its attention accordingly.

175. Whatis the duty of a speaker in regard to mentioning
a member then present?

To refer to him by some expression, or in some manner,

without using his name, the object being to guard against
the possibility of exciting personal feeling.

176. When the presiding officer rises to speak, at the same
time as another member, what shall be the duty of that
member ?

To sit until the presiding officer has been heard.
177. How long is a member permitted to speak on any
subject?

As long as he has the floor and keeps within the rules.
See No. 184.

504 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

178. What are the general rules in regard to speaking?

No person is to use indecent language against the pro-
ceedings of the assembly, or to reflect on any of its prior
determinations, unless he means to close his remarks with
a motion to rescind such determination. No member is at
liberty to digress from the matter of the question. Every
member should clearly express his points of argument, or
the presiding officer may mistake them for digressions.
Care should be taken in discussion that the speakers follow
the particular question instead of the general question; at
one time it may be an amendment, at another a motion to
postpone, and again a question on ordering the previous
question.

179. Does the introduction of a subsidiary motion restrain
debate on the general question?

Sometimes it happens that the subsidiary motion in-
volves in itself the merits of the original proposition, in
which case the debate embraces both.

180. When a member is called to order for departing from
the subject under consideration, what privilege may be extended
to him?

By an affirmative vote of the assembly he may continue,
but in the absence of such express privilege he must aban-
don the objectionable course of his remarks and return to
the subject under debate.

181. How many times can a member speak on the same
subject under debate?

No member \can speak, without permission of the
assembly, more than once to the same question, but he may
address upon the same subject as often as it is presented
in the form of a different question; as when it is proposed to
refer it to a committee, or when subsidiary or incidental
questions arise in the course of the debate.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 505

182. On what points may a member speak a second time in
the same debate?

To clear a matter of fact, or explain some material part
of his speech, but carefully keeping within that line, and
not falling into the discussion of the matter itself.

183. What is the meaning of the phrase “to clear a matter

of fact”?

To explain a statement made by a member, but which
was not so put as to give the hearers a thorough compre-

hension of it.

184. When amember wishes to make an explanation while
another is speaking, and the speaker yields the floor for an
explanation, has the speaker the right to the floor after the
explanation has been given?

He has not. In yielding the floor he relinquishes it
altogether.

185. What methods do assemblies adopt to prevent a
continuation of long and unprofitable debates?

Limiting the time allotted to each speaker; or adopting
beforehand a special rule in reference to a particular
subject, providing that debate shall end at a specified time
and that all motions or questions pending in relation to it
shall then be decided. Besides these methods resort is
often had to the previous question.

186. When an assembly refuses to support the presiding
officer in his efforts to maintain order and decorum, what will
he be justified in doing?

In permitting every kind of disorder without censure.

187. When disorderly words are used by one speaker, per-
sonally offensive or insulting to another, or to the assembly,
how may his misconduct be checked?

By a member or members rising and calling him to order,

506 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

the objecting party repeating the words used exactly as he
conceives them to have been spoken, in order that they
may ve reduced to writing by the recording officer. If
the presiding officer thinks there is no foundation for decid-
ing the language disorderly, he will prudently delay giving
orders to the clerk to record them, until a further expression
of the assembly, either by vote or calling out, is obtained.

188. Lf offensive words are not technically noticed at the
time spoken, or immediately after the speaker has finished, has
any member the right to censure the member before the
assembly?

Such censure, if offered, is not. to be recorded, or any
action taken thereon.

189. Sometimes it occurs that a member while speaking
does not command the attention of the assembly; that his right
to be heard is disregarded by improper disturbances, whispering,
talking, and other evidences of contempt or indifference. What
ts the most prudent course for him to pursue?

To submit himself to the pleasure of the assembly, and
to sit down; for it scarcely ever happens that the mem-
bers of any assembly are guilty of this piece of ill manners
without some excuse.

190. What ts the order, resolution or vote of the assembly?

An order is a command of the assembly; a resolution
expresses its opinion or purpose; the term vote may be
applied to the result of every question decided by the
assembly.

191. Jn stating a question to an assembly, 1s it necessary
Jor the presiding officer to give it in the precise form proposed?

When the proposition is long, as is usual with a petition,
report, or the like, the form in which it is usually presented
to the assembly is, “Shall the petition [or the report] be
received?”

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 5°7

192. Jn matters of trifling importance, such as receiving
petitions and reports, withdrawing motions, reading papers,
elc., what form is often used in disposing of them?

No objection being heard, the formality of taking a vote
is dispensed with, and the matter declared to be accepted;
but should any member object, the presiding officer shall
consider everything that has passed as void, and at once
go back and take the matter up in regular form.

193. What is the form used by the presiding officer in
putting a question to the assembly?

“ As many as are of the opinion that [repeating the words
of the question] say ‘aye’; as many as are of a different
opinion, say ‘no.’”

194. Lf the presiding officer is unable to decide the vote, or,
after deciding according to his judgment, any member rises and
questions the vote, what must be done?

The members must be requested to form a division, either
in two separate parties, or by rising in their seats, or by
roll-call.

195. Jf the assembly is equally divided on any question,
how shall it be decided?

By a vote from the presiding officer.

196. J/s it the duty of the presiding officer to give the casting
vote?

It is; but in doing so he may, if he pleases, give his

reasons.

197. When the expression of the assembly is taken by
actual count, to whom does this duty belong?

The presiding officer appoints tellers for each division,
and the members are required to rise and remain standing
until counted.

508 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

198. Jn legislative assemblies, how is the question taken
by vote ?

The method generally pursued in this country is the roll-
call. The clerk is ordered to call the name of each mem-
ber, who rises in his place and answers “Yes,” or “No,”
and the clerk notes the answer as the roll is called. He
then reads over, first the names of those who answered in
the affirmative, and then the names of those who answered
in the negative, so that if he has made any mistake, or any
member has given inadvertently a wrong answer, correction
may be made. ‘The clerk then counts the number on each
side, and reports the result to the presiding officer, who
declares it to the assembly.

199. After the affirmative side has been put, and voting
begun, ts the question open to debate?

It is not a full question until the negative is reached:
consequently it is in order for any member to rise and
speak, make motions for amendments or otherwise, and
thus renew the debate. In such a case, the question must
be put again on the affirmative.

200. What objects can be accomplished by such an interrup-
tion ?

The votes of members may be recorded who were not in
the room when voting began; or those who have already
voted may have changed their minds, and this gives them
an opportunity to change their votes.

201. When a question is taken by ayes and noes, the
negative and affirmative taken at the same time, why can there
be no opening of the debate, as in other cases?

Because the question becomes full, both sides being acted
upon at the same time.

202. When, during a division, a question is raised concerning
the right of any member to vote, how ts tt settled?

The presiding officer must decide it without debate, his

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 509

act to be subject to revision and correction by the assembly
after the division is over. The presiding officer may, if
he please, receive the advice of members in regard to the
objection, which they are to give sitting, in order to avoid
even the appearance of a debate.

203. Suppose, in counting the assembly on a division, it
appears that there ts not a quorum present, what shall be
done?

Proceedings must be suspended until a quorum is
obtained, whether on the same or some future day, when
the question must be taken up at that precise point.

204. What is a motion for reconsideration ?

A question by which a matter, which has been acted
upon, shall again come before the assembly in precisely the
same condition as it was before being considered.

205. Who has a right to make a motion to reconsider?

In legislative bodies special rules regulate this; but where
an assembly is subject to no special rule concerning this,
it is the privilege of any member to move a reconsideration.

206. Ofwhat use are committees?

To reduce to a convenient shape matters which require
care to construct, or to conduct an investigation; or it may
prepare for quick consideration any business which cannot
be as conveniently discussed in the assembly session.

207. What are the powers of a committee?

It depends upon the general authority and particular
instruction given it by the assembly at the time of its
appointment. A vote taken in committee is as binding as
a vote of the assembly. A committee has full power over
what may be committed to it, except that it is not at liberty
to change title or subject. ¢

510 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

208. What names are applied to the different kinds of
committees ?

Select Committees, Standing Committees, and Committee
of the Whole.

209. Whatis a select committee?

A committee especially selected to transact any business
arising on a particular occasion.

210. Whatis a standing committee?

A committee appointed beforehand for the consideration
of all matters of kindred nature which may arise during
the session. A standing committee continues in existence,
while a select committee is dissolved after the particular
business for which it was appointed is transacted.

211. How is acommittee selected and appointed?

First it is decided what number of members the com-
mittee shall contain. ‘The members may then be appointed
by the presiding officer, selected by ballot, or chosen by
nomination and vote of the assembly.

212. How is a committee elected by ballot?

The same as in other elections: the members may be
elected singly or all together, as ordered.

213. Low by nomination and vote?

The names of the members proposed are put to question
singly, and approved or rejected by the assembly, by a vote
taken in the usual way.

214. When a subject ts referred to a committee not yet
named, what custom is usually followed in the selection of
the committee ?

No members are placed upon it who are directly opposed
to the body of that subject, but rather those who are
supposed to approve it,

PARLIAMENTARY RULES, BrE

215. What is the duty of the secretary in regard to com-
mittees ?

To make out a list of the members, together with a
certified copy of instructions under which they are to act,
and to give the papers to the person first named on the com-
mittee, if convenient; if not convenient, then to any other
member of the committee.

216. Who is the chairman of a committee?

Usually the first person named on the committee, but
this is a matter of courtesy, every committee having the
right to select its own chairman, who presides over it and
makes the report of its proceedings to the assembly.

217. When and where does a committee meet for the trans-
action of business?

Whenever and wherever its members decide. But if
directions on this point have been given by the assembly,
the committee cannot regularly sit at any other time or
place than in accordance with its instructions. Sometimes
these instructions are to sit immediately and make its
report forthwith; but no committee has a right to sit while
the assembly is in session, unless so ordered.

218. Can a committee transact business without the attend-
ance of all its members?

Unless some particular number has been designated by
the assembly, a majority constitutes a quorum to do
business.

219. Lf acommittee fails to meet at the particular time
ordered by the assembly, what ts the result?

The committee is closed, and cannot act without being
newly directed to sit.

220. Lf disorderly words are spoken in a committee, what
zs to be done?

They must be written down and reported to the assembly

B12 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

for its consideration. A committee cannot punish disorderly
conduct of any kind, but must report it.

221. What ts the difference in the action of a committee on
a paper originating with it and on one referred to it?

Where a paper is referred to a committee, it proceeds to
the question of amendment; while a paper originating with
it may be amended, as in the case of a paper referred, but
at the close the question is put as to agreeing to the paper
as a whole, as amended or unamended.

222. Lfa committee is opposed to the whole paper referred
to it, can it reject the paper?

It cannot. If in itsjudgment the paper cannot be made
good by amendment it has no authority to reject, but
must report back to the assembly, and there explain its
opposition.

223. What should be the appearance of a paper originating
with a committee and reported to the assembly?

It should be in a clear draft, fairly written, without
erasing or interlining.

224. How should a committee treat a paper referred to it?

It is not at liberty to erase, interline, blot, disfigure or
tear it in any manner, but must report all amendments in a
separate paper, stating the exact parts to be amended and
the words to be inserted. If the amendments agreed to
are many and minute, it may report them all together in
the form of a new draft.

225. When a committee has finished its work, what is
next in order?

A motion and vote that the committee rise, and that the
chairman, or some other member, make its report to the
assembly.

226. How is the report of a committee made?

The chairman, or the member appointed to make the

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. Fie

report, rises in his place and informs the assembly that the
committee to which was referred such a subject or paper
has, according to order, had the same under consideration
and has directed him to make a report thereon, which he is
ready to do when the assembly shall please. The person
offering the report, or any other member, can then move
that the report be now received. The assembly then
decides whether it will receive the report at that time, or
fix some time in the future for its reception.

227. Lf the report is deferred to some future time, what ts
the manner of disposing of it then? *

When the time arrives the chairman reads the report in
his place, and delivers it, together with all the papers
connected with it, to the clerk or secretary, who reads it
again. It then lies on the table until it suits the conve-
nience of the assembly to take it up for consideration.

228. Lf the report is of a paper with amendments, what ts
the method of proceeding?

The chairman reads the amendments in their connection
with the paper, showing the alterations made therein and the
reasons assigned by the committee for its action; while in
the reading of the report at the clerk’s table the amend-
ments only are read.

229. Ls a motion and vote necessary in accepting a report?

It is usually dispensed with, although if any objection is
made, or if the presiding officer sees any informality in the
report, he should decline receiving it without a motion and
vote.

230. When a report is of considerable length, how is it
usually presented to the members?

It is printed, and each member given a copy. This
renders the reading of the papers by the clerk unnecessary.

514 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

231. Whenisa committee dissolved?

When the report has been made and received, the com-
mittee is dissolved, and can act no more without new
power; but if the report is not received the committee is
not discharged, but may be ordered to sit again, and a
time and place for such session appointed accordingly.

232. What is meant by recommitting a subject?

When any subject has once been in the hands of a
committee, and the report made upon it is not satisfactory
to the assembly, it may again be committed to the same
committee or referred to some other.

233. Does the previous action ofa committee have any
bearing upon a subject recommitted?

None whatever, the whole question being again before
the committee as if nothing had occurred there in relation
to it.

234. Jn how many forms may the report of a committee be
presented?

In three. First, it may contain merely a statement of
facts, opinions or reasoning in relation to its subject
without any general conclusion; second, it may contain a
statement of facts, etc., with a general conclusion; or third,
it may present a resolution, or a general conclusion, with-
out any introductory part.

235. When the report of a committee 1s accepted, how ts it
treated by the assembly?

It is adopted, as though it had been originally done by
the assembly without the services of a committee.

236. Do the terms accepting and adopting have the same
meaning ?
Practically, yes; though strictly the term “accepting”

should be used when the report contains merely a state-
ment of facts, reasoning or opinion, and the term “adopting”

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. 515

when the report concludes with the resolutions or propo-
sitions.

237. What ts a committee of the whole?

The whole assembly resolved into a committee.

238. How its an assembly resolved into a committee of the
whole?

The presiding officer puts the motion that the assembly
“do now resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take
under consideration (naming the matter before the com-
mittee).”” If this is decided in the affirmative, he declares
the result, and names some member to act as chairman of
the committee; if objection is made, the chairman is
chosen by nomination and vote. The chairman takes a
seat at the secretary’s table, and the presiding officer finds
a seat elsewhere.

239. What number ts required to constitute a quorum of a
committee of the whole?

The same number required to constitute a quorum of the
assembly.

240. Lf at any time the number present falls below a
guorum, what ts the duty of the committee?

On motion, the chairman rises, and the presiding officer
resumes the chair. The chairman then informs the
assembly of the cause of the dissolution of the committee,
but can make no report of business transacted.

241. Who acts as clerk in recording the business transacted
by a committee of the whole?

In legislative bodies it becomes the duty of the assistant
clerk.

242. How are the records of this committee kept?

The same as those of any committee, and only the report
to the assembly is to be recorded in the journal of the
assembly.

516 COMMON SCHOOL QUESTION BOOK.

243. What ts the difference between the proceedings of the
assembly and of the committee of the whole?

In the committee of the whole the previous question
cannot be moved; the committee cannot adjourn; every
member may speak as often as he pleases, providing he can .
obtain the floor; the committee cannot refer any matter to
another committee; the presiding officer of the assembly, if
a member of it, has a right to take part in the proceed-
ings the same as any other member; and, in case of a
breach of order, the committee cannot punish offenders,
but must write down the incident and report it to the
assembly.

244. How may an improper discussion be avoided, which
in the assembly can be governed by the previous question?

It may be moved that the committee rise; and if it is
apprehended that the same mode of discussion will be
attempted on returning again to the committee, the
assembly can discharge the committee and proceed itself
with the business.

245. Lf the business of the committee 1s not concluded at
the usual time for the assembly to adjourn, or if the committee
has other reasons for not continuing, how shall it proceed?

A motion should be made that the committee rise,
report progress, and ask leave to sit again. If this motion
prevails, the presiding officer resumes the chair of the
assembly, and the chairman informs him that the commit-
tee has, according to order, made some progress thereon,
but for want of time asks leave to sit again. ‘The presiding
officer thereupon puts the question of giving the committee
leave to sit again, and designating the time when the
assembly will again resolve itself into a committee. If the
request is not granted, the committee is dissolved.

246. What is a sub-committee?

A committee appointed by a committee for the purpose
of expediting its business.

PARLIAMENTARY RULES. Bry,

247. Ls the formality of a motion and question ever omitted
in relation to the time of recetving a report?

By general consent, it is. Ifthe assembly is ready to
receive it at the time, the members cry out, ‘‘“Now! Now!”
If it is not ready, some other time is proposed, as ‘“To-
morrow,” or “Monday,” and that is fixed by general
consent; but any objection necessitates an agreement by
motion and vote.

248. What special duty should be imposed upon every
presiding officer in the discharge of business?

He should give the closest attention to the proceedings
of the assembly, and especially to what is said by the
speakers. By so doing, confusion will be prevented,
offensive language checked, and harmony assured. His
attention, interest, and impartial acts will inspire confidence,
create union of feeling, and impress upon each member the
necessity of transacting business for the benefit of all.

Commencement Parts. ‘‘ Efforts’’ for all occasions. Orations,
addresses, valedictories, salutatories, class poems, class mottoes,
after-dinner speeches, flag days national
holidays, class-day exercises. Models for
every possible occasion in high-s: hc ol and
college career, every one of th= ‘“‘efforts”’
being what some fellow has stood on his
feet and actually delivered on a similar
occasion—not what the compiler would say
if he should happen to be called on for an
ivy song or aresponse to a toast, or what ral
not; but what the fellow himself, when his }j fj rh \
turn came, did say/ $1.50.

New Dialogues and Plays. Life-like |
episodes from popular authors like Steven-
son, Crawford, Mark Twain, Dickens,
Scott, in the form of simple plays, with
every detail explained as to dress, make-
up, utensils. furniture, etc., for school-room
or parlor. $1.50.

College Men’s 3-Minute Declamations.
Up-to-date selections from live men like Chauncey Depew, Hewitt,
Gladstone, Cleveland, President Eliot (Harvard) and Carter
(Williams) and others. New material with vitality in it for prize
speaking. Very popular. $1.00.

College Maids’ 3-Minute Readings. Up-to-date recitations
from living men and women. On the plan of the popular College
Men’s Declamations,and on thesame high plane. $1.00.

Pieces for Prize Speaking Contests. $1.00. early ready.

Acme Declamation Book. Single pieces and dialogues. Yor
boysand girls of all ages; all occasions. Paper, gocts.; cloth, 50 cts.

Handy Pieces to Speak. Single pieces and dialogues. Primary,
20 cts.; Intermediate, 20 cts.; Advanced, 20 cts. All three for 5octs.

Pros and Cons. Complete debates of the affirmative and nega-
tive of the stirring questions of the day. A de-
cided hit. This is another book invaluable not
only to high-school and college students, but
also to every other person who aspires to con-
verse engagingly on the topics of the day. Our
foreign policy, the currency, the tariff, immi-
gration, high license, woman suffrage, penny
postage, transportation, trusts, department
stores, municipal ownership of franchises,
government control of telegraph. Both sides ot
these and many other questions completely de-
bated. Directions for organizing and conduct-
ing a debating society, with dy-2aws and par-
liamentary rules. $1.50.

New Parliamentary Manual By
H. C. Davis, compiler of ‘‘ Commencement
Parts.” 75cents. Vearly Ready.

Ten Weeks Course in Elocution ( Nor-
mal Reader). With numerous an¢ varied selections for illustration
and practice. $1.25.

Character Building. Inspiring suggestions. $1.00.
Mistakes of Teachers corrected by common sense (the famous

Preston Papers). Solves difficulties not explained in text-books
which daily perplex the conscientious teacher. $1.00.

Best Methods of Teaching in Country Schools (Lind’s), $1.25.

Page’s Theory and Practice of Teaching. With Questions
and Answers. Paper, 50 cts. Cloth, $1.00.

Psychology Simplified for Teachers. Gordy’s well-known
“New Psychology.’”? Familiar talks to teachers and parents on
how to observe the child-mind, and on the value of child-study in

the successful teaching and rearing of the young. With Ques-
tions on each Lesson. $1.25. Ywenty-sixth thousand !

The Perceptionalist. Hamilton’s Mental Science, rev. ed. $2.
Smith’s New Class Register. ‘I he best of record books. 50 cts.
Likes and Opposites. Synonyms and their Opposites. 50 cts.
Letter Writing. Newhandy rules forcorrectcorrespondence. 75¢.
Punctuation. Hinds & Noble’s new Manual. Paper, 25 cts.
New Speller. Hinds & Noble’s new graded lists of 5000 words
which one must know how to spell. 25 cts.
Craig’s COMMON SCHOOL Questions with Answers. $1.50.
Henry’s HIGH SCHOOL Questions with Answers. $1.50.
Sherrill’s New Normal Questions with Answers. $1.50.
Quizzism and its Key (Southwick). $1.00.
Moritz’ 1000 Questions. For the Entrance Examinations to
the New York High Schools, the New York Normal College, the

College of the City of New York, St. Francis Xavier’s College,
West Point, Annapolis, and the Civil Service. 30 cents.

Answers to same. 50 cents.
Recent Entrance Examination Questions. Forthe New York
Normal College, the College of the City of New York, St. Francis

Xavier's College, Columbia College, the High Schools, Regents’
Exam’s, West Point, Annapolis, and the Civil Service. 30 cents.

Answers tosame. 5o0cents.
How to Prepare fora Civil Service Examination, with recent

Examination Questions and the Answers. 560 pages, $2.00.
Abridged Edition, without guestions and answers, 50 cents.

How to Become Quick at Figures. Enlarged Edition. $1.00,

Bad English. Humiliating ‘‘ Breaks’’ corrected. 30 cts.

Composition Writing Made Easy. Very successful. Five
Grades, viz.: A,B,C, D, E. 20cts. each. All five for 75 cts.

1ooo Composition Subjects. 25 cents.

U. S. Constitution in German, French, and English, para//el
columns, with explanatory marginal Notes. Cloth, 50c ; paper, 25c.

Bookkeeping Blanks at 30 cts. per set. Five Blank-Books to

theset. Adapted. for use with any text-book —Elementary, Prac-
tical.orCommon School. Used everywhere.—Price, 30 cts. per set.

Object Lesson Cards (Oliver and Boyd). 48 Cards, 13 x 20
inches. $28.00.

Lessons on Morals (Dewey) 75 cents. Jx preparation.

Lessons on Manners (Dewey) 75 cents. /n preparation.

Dictionaries: The Classic Series. Half morocco, $2.00 each.
Especially planned and carefully produced to meet the require-
ments of students and teachers in colleges, and high schools.
Up to the times in point of contents, authoritative while modern
as regards scholarship, instantly accessible in respect to arrange-
ment, of best quality as to typography and paper, and in a binding
at once elegant and durable. Size 8x5% inches.
French-English and Eng!ish-French Dictionary, 1122 pages.
German-English and Eng.-Ger. Dictionary, 1112 pages.
Italian-English and English-Italian Dict., 1187 pages.
Latin-English and English-Latin Dictionary, 941 pages.
Greek-English and English-Greek Dict., 1056 pages.
English-Greek Dictionary Price $1.00.

Dictionaries: The Handy Series. ‘‘ Scholarship modern and
accurate; and really beautiful print.” Pocket edition.
Spanish-English and English-Spanish, 474 pages, $1.00.
Italian-English and English-Italian, 428 pages, $1.00.
New-Testament Lexicon. £xtirelynew. $1.00.
Up-to-date in every respect—typographically, and lexico-
graphically. Contains a fine presentation of the Synonyms
of the Greek Testament, with hints on discriminating usage.
Liddell & Scott’s Abridged Greek Lexicon, $1.20.
White’s Latin-English Dictionary, $1.20.
White’s English-Latin Dictionary, $1.20.
White’s Latin-English and Eng.-Lat. Dict., $2.25.

Completely Parsed Caesar, BookI. Each page bears zxder-
Jinear translation, ifera/ translation, parsing, grammatical refer-
ences. All ata glance withvut turning a leaf. $1.50.

Caesar’s Idioms. Complete, with English equivalents. 25 cts.

Cicero’s Idioms. As found in ‘‘Cicero’s Orations.’’ 25 cents.

Shortest Road to Caesar. Successfulelem. Latinmethod. 75 cts.

Hossfeld Methods: Spanish, Italian, German, French, $1.00
each. Keys for each, 35 cts. Letter Writer for each, $1.00 each.

German Texts, with Footnotes and Vocabulary :—Wilhelm
Tell, Neffeals Onkel, Minna v. Barnhelm, Nathan derWeise, Emilia
Galotti, Hermann und Dorothe.. Sta volumes, 50 Cts. each.

Brooks’ Historia Sacra, with rst Latin Lessons. Revised,
with Vocabulary. Price 50 cents. This justly popular volume,
besides the Epitome Historize Sacre, the Notes, and the Vocabu-
lary, contains 100 pages of elementary Latin Lessons, making it
practicable for the teacher, without recourse to any other book,
to carry the pupil quickly and in easy steps over the ground pre-
paratory toa profitable reading of the Epitome Historie Sacre.

Brooks’ First Lessons in Greek, with Lexicon. Revised
Edition. Covering sufficient ground to enable the student to
read the New Testament in the Greek. Price 50 cts.

Brooks’ New Virgil’s Aeneid, wth Lexicon. Revised Edition.
Notes, Metrical Index, Map, Questions for Examinations. $1.50.

Brooks’ New Ovid’s Metamorphoses, with Lexicon. Expur-

gated and adapted for mixed classes. With Notes, and Questions
Jor Examinitions. Price reduced to $1.50.

Hinds & Noble’s Hebrew Grammar, $1.00.

Psychology as an Aid in Teaching

es et

That scientific teaching is impossible without a
knowledge of Psychology is no longer a debated
question. But there is an important question in this
tonnection which has not yet been answered: WHAT
BOOK shall the hundreds of thousands of earnest
teachers study who have not had the advantages of a
college training ?

1. Do they need a book which they can understand—

a book whose apt illustrations bring abstract truths
within the range of universal comprehension?

2. Do they need a book which makes it clear that
there are qtiestions which it does not attempt to
answer, questions that no elementary text-book can
hope to answer, and which will thus stimulate them to
further study and further investigation ?

3. Do they need a book which is constantly raising
questions about their minds and the minds of their
pupils—a book which will make them students of their
own minds and the minds of their pupils in spite of
themselves?

4. Do they need a book which is itself from beginning
to end a perfect sample of the inductive method of
teaching, beginning with the simple and the known
and going to the complex and unknown?

5. Do they need a book which thousands of teachers
have declared was the first to interest them in the
study of mind?

If so, there is one book that will fully satisfy their
needs. That book is Gordy’s New Psychology.

If you wish to see for yourself whether it possesses
all of these characteristics send for a copy. It will cost
you nothing if you do not like it. If you wish to keep
it the price is $1.25.

se

HINDS & NOBLE
4-5-13-14 Cooper Institute - - New York City

Best Methods of Teaching

in Country Schools
By G. Dallas Lind

This work is not the fine-spun theory of a college pro-
fessor, but the practical ideas of a country teacher, fresh
from the country school-room.

It is not a mass of ‘‘ glittering generalities,” but sug-
gestions in detail as to how to teach and manage an un-
graded school, drawn from long experience and careful
observations.

1. Lt tells how the teacher should conduct himself in rela-
tion to his patrons and to society in general,

2. It tells what qualifications are necessary for a good
teacher.

3. Lt tells how to apply for a school.

4. It describes in detail the most approved and appli-
cable methods of teaching all the branches studied ina
country school.

5. Lt gives some very practical hints about apparatus and
school architecture.

6. It will give you new insight into your work.

7. Lt will lead you to see and realize more pleasure and
happiness in your teaching than you have ever been able to get
out of tt before.

8. It will give you the essential principles of practical
teaching.

g. Lt will tell you just what to do and how to doit, so that
rvour work will not only be enjoyable, but profitable.

No book has ever been published containing so many
helpful suggestions of vital interest to Teachers of
Country Schools.

Teachers of Town and City Schools will also derive
much benefit from reading the Chapters on the Methods
of Teaching, Reading, Spellinz, Arithmetic, Geography,

General History, Physiology, Algebra, Natural Science,
Morals and Manners.

A sample copy will be sent, postpaid, to any teacher for
$1.00 (regular price $1.25).

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers
4-5-6-12-13-14 Cooper Institute New York City

Pedagogical Knots Untied

Preston Papers

A book brimming over with new thoughts—new ideas.
A recital of actual schoolroom experiences in which all
the common and uncommon Pedagogical difficulties are
met and remedied.

Written by a teacher of many years’ experience whose

heart and soul and life are absorbed in her work.
' It will stimulate you to renewed exertion. It is full of
practical hints and suggestions which will help to solve
the problems (not found in textbooks) which daily con-
front and perplex the busy, conscientious teacher.

It treats exhaustively of the important subjects of

Government Environments
Punishment Health
Responsibility Whispering
Examinations Manners
Prize Giving Dress
Management Overwork

It shows the best way to teach Geography, Grammar,
Penmanship, Spelling, Reading, Primary Arithmetic.
and Composition.

It contains chapters on Teachers’ Reports, the School
Museum, and Teachers’ Examinations.

This book will help lighten teachers’ labors. Reading
Circles are introducing it in every State. Would you like
to see a copy? We will send it prepaid and allow you to
return it if you wish to.

Price to Teachers, $.80 (Regular Price, $1.00).
HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers

4 5-13-14 Cooper Institute - - New York City
School Books of All Publishers at One Store

<2 Books f Library <2
mo BOOKS FOP YOUr LIOrary 2
No Private School, High School or College Library
is complete without having on its shelves one or more of
the following books for its students to refer to.
Teachers are ordering many of these books for their
own personal use.

Mistakes in Teaching (Preston Papers) ss 2... cies sissies 1+ « cjclerstetelt $1.00
Craig’s New Common School Question Book, with Answers...... "1.50
Henry’s New High School Question Book, with Answers,....... 1.50
Gordy/s News Psy. chologycseiistesteinepceeeiin sien sila eine eee 1.25
Maekenzie:s: Ma mtralvof Ie Gi Sey torers:sjateteicivieisicinleyo1s)c)s/ siete stolelejat=ialet teraiets 1.50
Lind’s Best Methods of Teaching in Country Schools............ 1.2
Pagelsi theory and Practice Of Medebing:. oasictecicleeieiei-i aeiseleeteerels 1.00
Character Buildings (Coler)sresreyacice seseievsicce ries <telsicie cen’ iereietoaeeees 1.00
A Ten Weeks’ Course in Elocution (Coombs)...........eeeseeeees Tee)
Commencement Parts (Valedictories, Orations, Essays, etc.)..... 1.50
Pros and Cons (Both Sides of Important Questions Discussed)... 1.50
Three Minute Declamations for College Men................+s0. 1,00
Dhree’ Minute Readings for Collece Ginlsy terrae sieteretatcioaetoe ieee 1.00
Pieces for Prize Speaking Contests (Craig & Gunnison).......... 1.00
New Dialoguesiand Plays (Gunnison)... <n ceteris ate cine o'e afeleieisieiele 1.50
Classic French-English, English-French Dictionary............- 2.00
‘* German-English, English-German Dictionary...........- 2-00
‘*  Ttalian-English, English-Italian Dictionary..............- 2.00
‘. Latin-English, English-Latin Dictionary...............50% 2.00
“ Greek-English, English-Greek Dictionary........ ....... 2.00
Handy Spanish-English, English-Spanish Dictionary............. 1.00
‘\ Ttalian-English, English-Italian Dictionary............... 1.00
ShortestuRoad toiGzesare (Wemens) seracrc aceite oecteteeiens ela remeron 75
How to Prepare for a Civil Service Examination...............+- 2.00
How to Become Ouiclkat Pig uneS gen sce sisine orc cis<ivislolore stereo 1.00
Likes and Opposites (Synonyms and Antonyms)....-......e+eee0 -50
Hindsi& Noble's New Letter Writers ccceraihiaciviciiarenteleeeiereloeeieieeiee 75
Ouizzismyandslts; ey (South Wik): ce selste’s cies aie siesittesteeaiee - 1.00

We will send postpaid, subject to your approval,
any of the books on this list upon receipt of the price.
Mention ‘‘ Books for your Library ’’ when you write us.

HINDS & NOBLE, Publishers
4-5-6-12-13-14 Cooper Institute New York City

at











LIBRA

HNN
0 019 740 028 6

