Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



MYTHOLOGY. 



MYTHOLOGY. 



■•. t" " 



ML: 



LOKDON 

PRIHTSD BT 8POTTX8WOODB AND CO. 

HBW-STBBBT SQUABB 



A MANUAL 



OP 



MYTHOLOaY 



IN THE -FORM OF QUESTION AND ANSWER, 



BY THE 

EEV. GEORGE Wf COX, M.A. 

LATB 
SCHOLAR OF TIUKITT OOLUSGS, OXFORD. 



SECOND ^IlIl^iA-^^y ' < ! J 



LONDON : 
1.0NGMANS, GREEN, AND CO. 

, « » ■ J -^ J J 






y-Atf ;Zt^A< of 2Vant2aeiofi i« r€t«r«ed. ^ 

/' 



' ■> ^ • , • -. ^ ' 






' ^ 1 ' ' . : 



t W W W s. w t 



ADVERTISEMENT. 



-•o»- 



The researches of Comparative Mythologists 
during the present century have effected a com- 
plete revolution in the treatment and classification 
of the various systems of mythology. 

The present Manual, which is an attempt to 
give the results of those researches in a form 
suitable for the young, must necessarily differ 
widely from the manuals or elementary works 
which have preceded it. But no apology seems 
to be needed for changes which remove from our 
common heritage of mythical tradition all that 
may appear gross and repulsive in it, and exhibit 
the exquisite poetry which lies at the root of all 
these ancient stories. 

In some portions of the subject differences of 
opinion must still exist. I have, therefore, been 
careful to make no statements of any importance 
for which I cannot claim the authority of suck 
writers as Jfiebuhr, TbiiVweJij GfYvmxa.^ "^^ass. 



viil ADTESnSBMXNT. 

Miiller, Kuhn, Muir, Comewall Lewis, Grrote, 
Dasent and BreaL The Comparative Mythologist 
must still say with Grimm, ^ I shall indeed in- 
terpret all that I can» but I cannot interpret all 
that I should like,' I venture, therefore, to add 
that for any suggestions or remarks which may 
be forwarded to me through the publishers, I 
shall feel gratefuL My obligations to Professor 
Max Miiller I thankfully acknowledge. 

The sections on Vedic, Persian, and Teutonic 
Mytholc^ are short ; but a lengthened treatment 
of these systems would have sweUed the volume 
to too great a size ; and many names which are 
not specially mentioned in those sections, have 
been noticed with sufficient fulness in the section 
on Greek Mythology. 

The references given in the text of the answers 
are to the Tales in which the myth or legend 
under notice has been recounted at length. 

The quantity of syllables in the several names 
is, in all cases which may appear doubtful, given 
in the Index. 



PREFACE. 



I HOPE that the young students who may have to 
use this little book will read the few sentences 
which I write by way of preface. 

Some of you may, perhaps, know a little about 
mythology. You may have heard some of the 
stories which are told about Apollo, or Prome- 
theus, or Tantalus ; and you may have thought 
them uninteresting, or tiresome, or homble. 
The deeds which they are said to have done may 
have seemed to you (as they seemed to many 
good men among the old Greeks and Eomans), 
the deeds of savages ; and you may have asked, 
why shoidd we learn these things at all, and what 
good will it do us to know them ? 

You may, perhaps, have been also puzzled by 
the many names which you were obliged to learn 
without attaching any meaning to them^^xi^Vs^ 
the ranks or classes into wMcVi t\i^ ^o^^ «xA 



h«roes vei« dirided; «fti thos too may have 
^een nodiiii^ gctdd or benodfiil in joor task to 
make up for wbat vas doU or <iilsagivxaUe in it. 

And jet tliese old stories ahout Greek gods 
and nrmphs and Thans aie amoi^st the loveliest 
tilings whidi men baTe erer imagined^ as yon 
will see, I think, if Tioa foUo v me in what I am 
now gmi^ to say. 

Many ages ago, loi^ bdbre Emt^ had any of 
the nations who now HTe in it, and while every 
thing was new and Grange to the people who 
then lived <m the eai:tii, m«i talked oi the things 
whidi they saw and heard, in a way veiy different 
from our way of qieaking now. We talk of the 
son lising and siting, as of something which is 
sure to happen ; bat they did not know enough 
to feel sure about these things : and so when the 
evening came, they said ' Our firiend the sun is 
dead ; will he come back again ? ' and when they 
saw him once more in the east, they rejoiced 
because he brought back their light and their life 
with him. Knowing very little about themselves, 
and nothing at all of the things which they saw 
in the world around them, they fancied that 
everything had the same kind of life which they 
had themselves. In this way they came to think 
that the sun and stars, the rivers and streams. 



PBEFACE. XI 

could see^ and feel^ and think, and that they 
shone or moved of their own accord. Thus 
they spoke of everything as if it were alive, and 
instead of saying, as we say, that the morning 
comes before the sunrise, and that the even- 
ing twilight follows the sunset, they spoke of the 
sun as the lover of the dawn or morning who 
went before him, as longing to overtake her, and 
as killing her with his bright rays, which shone like 
spears. We talk of the clouds which scud along 
the sky ; but they spoke of the cows of the sun, 
which the children of the morning drove every 
day to their pastures in the blue fields of heaven. 
So too, when the sun set, they said that the 
dawn, with its soft and tender light, had come to 
soothe her son or her husband in his dying hour. 
In the same way, the sun was the child of dark- 
ness, and in the morning he wove for his bride in 
the heavens a fairy network of clouds, which re- 
appeared when she came. back to him in the 
evening. When the sun shone with a pleasant 
warmth, they spoke of him as the friend of men : 
when his scorching heat brought a drought, they 
said that the sun was slaying his children, or that 
some one else, who knew not how to guide them, 
was driving the horses of his chariot through the 
skj* As tbey looked on the daxk ^q>qA& ^\sv^ 



zii PRSFACB. 



rested on the earth without giving any rain, 
they said that the terrible being whom they 
liamed the snake or dragon was shutting up the 
waters in a prison-house. When the thunder 
rolled, they said that this hateful monster was 
uttering his hard riddles ; and when, at last, the 
rain burst forth, they said that the bright sun bad 
slain his enemy, and brought a stream of life for 
the thirsting earth. 

Now, so long as men remained in the same 
place, there was no fear that the words which 
they spoke would be misunderstood : but as time 
went on, they were scattered, and some wandered 
to the south, and some to the north and west ; 
and so it came to pass that they kept the names 
which they gave to the sun and the clouds and 
all other things, when their meaning h9,d been 
almost or quite forgotten. In this way they still 
spoke of Phoebus as loving Daphne, after they 
had foi^tten that this meant only 'The Sun 
loves the Dawn.' So the name of the dew had 
been Procris, and it had been said that the sun 
killed (dried up) the dew as he rose in the sky : 
but now Kephalos (Cephalus) became a man who, 
without knowing it, killed a woman uamed Pro- 
cris, whom he loved. Instead of saying any 
more that the moon came to see the sun die, they 



PBEFAGE. XIU 

said that SelenS came to look on Endymion, or 
that Antigone soothed CEdipus in his last hour. 
Instead of saying that the sun was the child of 
darkness^ they said that Phoehus was the son of 
Leto; and in place of the fairy network of clouds, 
they spoke of the robe which Helios gave to the 
wise maiden Medea. So too, the dragon or snake, 
which imprisoned the rain in the clouds, became 
the Sphinx, and the sxm who smote it was turned 
into (Edipus, who alone could understand her 
dark sayings and deliver men from the plague of 
drought. 

But some of these tales, when so changed, 
became coarse, or horrible, or even disgusting. 
Long ago men had said that the sun, when he 
glared too fiercely, killed the fruits which his 
warmth was ripening, or that he dried up the 
streams over which he passed; but when they 
had forgotten the meaning of the old names, 
they spoke of the king Tantalus, who killed and 
roasted his own child and set him on the ban- 
quet table of the gods. It was the same with the 
stories told of Heracles (Hercules), which had 
once been only a name of the sun. We, too, might 
speak now of the sun as ^coming forth like a 
bridegroom out of his chamber,' a& ^ife^oicoi^ 
as a giant to run his course,' and «ia ^§p\\i% 



XIV PREFACE. 

about from one end of heaven to the other ;' * we 
mighO say that wherever he goes the earth smiles 
under his pleasant light, and yields her fruit with 
gladness. But when, instead of thinking of the 
sun, they &ncied that Heracles was a man, then 
the story went that, although he was strong, and 
brave, and kind, yet he never remained with those 
whom he had loved, but constantly foimd new 
brides in many lands; and just as we might speak 
of the sun as feasting on the fruits of the earth, so 
Heracles became a man very fond of eating and 
drinking, and at last was changed into something 
like a clown or a buffoon. 

Thus, then, you see that mythology, as we call 
it now, is simply a collection of the sayings by 
which men once upon a time described whatever 
they saw and heard in the countries where they 
lived. This key, which has unlocked almost all 
the secrets of mythology, was placed in our hands 
by Professor Max Miiller, who has done more than 
all other writers to bring out the exquisite and 
touching poetry that underlies these ancient 
legends. He has shown us that in this their first 
shape, these sayings were all perfectly natural, 
and marvellously beautiful and true. We seethe 
lovely evening twilight die out before the coming 

^ Psalm xix. 5, 6. 




FBEFACE. XT 

night ; but when they saw this, they said that the 
beautiful Eurydike (Eurydice) had been stung by 
the serpent of darkness, and that Orpheus was gone 
to feteh her back from the land of the dead. We 
see the light which had vanished in the west re- 
appear in the east ; but they said that Eurydike 
was now returniug to the earth. And as this 
tender light is seen no more when the sun himself 
is risen, they said that Orpheus had turned round 
too soon to look at her, and so was parted from 
the wife whom he loved so dearly. 

And as it is with this sad and beautiful tale, so 
it is with all those which may seem to you coarse 
or dull or ugly. They are so only because the 
real meaning of the names has been half forgotten 
or wholly lost. CEdipus and Perseus, we are told, 
killed their parents, but it is only because the sun 
was said to kill the darkness from which it seems 
to spring. So again, it was said that the sun was 
united in the evening to the light from which he 
rose in the morning: but in the later story it 
was said that (Edipus became the husband of his 
mother locaste (Jocasta), and a terrible history 
was built up on this notion. 

But, as you see, none of these fearful or dis- 
gusting stories were ever made on purpose. No 
one ever sat down to describe goAs «sA ^^ssi^ 



Xn PRKFACB. 

heroes as doing things which all decent men would 
be ashamed to think o£ There can scarcely be a 
greater mistake than to suppose that whole nations 
were suddenly seized with a strange madness, 
which droTO them to invent all sorts of ridiculous 
and contemptible tales, and that every nation has 
at some time or other gone mad in this way. Tou 
must not fismcy that things so foolish and wicked 
were done, especially by that people who have 
left us the beautiful leg^ids of Demeter, and 
Niobe, and Cadmus, of Helen and (Enone, of 
Perseus and Sarpedon. It may be very absurd 
to be told tiiat Cronos (the father of Zeus, or 
Jupiter) swallowed his own children; but we 
know it is not absurd to say that time swallows 
up the days which spring from it ; and the old 
phrase meant simply this and nothing more, al- 
though before the people came to Greece they 
had forgotten its meaning. 

Thus we may look upon mythology as on some- 
thing exceedingly beautiful, over which much 
dust has settled, disfiguring some parts and hiding 
others. Most of this dust we are able now to 
sweep away, and then the jewels hidden beneath 
it shine again in all their brilliance and purity. 
You may be sure that in all these tales there ip 
nothing of which, in its old shape, we ought U 



t 



PBEFACE. XVii 



be ashamed, and that, when you have lifted the 
vefl which conceals them, you will find only true 
and beautiful thoughts which are as much ours as 
ever they were the thoughts of men who lived in 
that very early time. 

The task of removing this covering is generally 
as easy as it is delightful. Many of these tales, 
perhaps most of them, explain themselves. 
Phoebus (the shining one) is born in Delos (the 
bright land) ; he is the son of Leto (the darkness) ; 
he slays the children of Niobe (the clouds which 
are dried up by the sun). Europa (the broad 
shining morning) is the daughter of Telephassa, 
(who gleams from afar). The cattle of Helios 
(the sun) are driven to their pastures by Phae- 
thusa and Lampetie, the bright and glisteniTig 
children of Neaira (the early morning). So, as 
the sun goes from east to west, Europa is carried 
westwards, and Telephassa dies on the western 
plains of Thessaly, just as the twilight dies out 
in the western sky. 

I need say no more to show you that these old 
stories contain the truest and the most touching 
poetry — poetry which may make us cheerful or 
sad, gay or grave, happy or mournful, just as we 
might feel if from a mountain-top we were to 
watch the shortlived glorieB oi laoTDML'^ i«A. 

a 



XVUl PBEFACE. 

evening tide. Nor is any thing more needed to 
show you that in the mythology, whether of 
Greece or Germany or Norway, there is nothing 
which should make you less upright and simple, 
while there is much in it which you may be the 
better and the happier for knowing. All its dis- 
agreeable features are simply distortions, caused 
by forgetting the original meaning of words ; and 
when these are removed, we shall see only things 
true and beautiful, lovely and of good report: 
we shall find there only the simple thoughts of 
childlike men on the wonderful works of God, 
and nothing which we can laugh at, or despise, 
or pity. Their words will make us feel, as we 
feel when we look on the glory and beauty of the 
heavens and the earth, that the thoughts of God 
are very deep, and that we have the same joys 
and sufierings, the same fears and hopes which 
were felt by these men and women of old time. 
And as you read some of these tales, you will 
begin to understand how God led them on, slowly 
perhaps, yet surely, to the consciousness that He 
was a loving and righteous Father, and that it is 
He who made the sun and moon and all other 
things in their season. You will see that the 
Greek or the Eoman did not pray to the Zeus or 
the Jupiter, who was unjust, or coarse, or tyran- 
nical. The god to whom tl[iey pxayed \Yi VVm^^ ^1 



PREFACE. XIX 

need or sorrow was indeed named Zeus (or 
Jupiter), but he was, as their own poets expressed 
it, the great and holy God who made all things, 
and in whom all things live and move and have 
their being. 

When you come to see this, you may be thankful 
that you learnt something about this old mytho- 
logy, which grew up slowly without any wilfully 
evil thoughts in the minds of Greeks or Eomans 
or any other people. The process was simple, 
and it could not be avoided. They never sat 
down to arrange their gods and heroes in ranks or 
classes. The order in which they are sometimes 
given is the work of a very late age ; and if we 
fix our minds upon it, it will hinder rather than 
help us in our efforts to understand these legends. 

I hope that what I have now said may be clear 
and intelligible to all. But if anything should 
still seem dark, it will probably not long remain 
so. The key now placed in your hands will un- 
lock almost every door, and wherever you go, you 
will find something which will amply repay you 
for your trouble. It is scarcely too much to say 
that in these old legends we have ' a fountain of 
delight which no man can ever drain dry ;' and 
this delight will, I trust, be felt by all whom this 

little book is meant to teach. 

a 2 



CONTENTS. 



FAGS 

Advertisement vii 

Preface iz 

The Origin and GhN>wth of Mythology .... 1 

Greeil Mytholoot 9 

Ztms 9 

Poseidon » 16 

Hades 21 

H&^, or Hera . . . . . . .24 

Hestia 26 

/l)em^t6r 29 

^ Ath4n6, or Athena 35 

Ares 39 

Aphrodite 41 , 

Hephaestus 46 

Phoebus Apollo 48 

Artemis 66 

Hermes . 67 

Dionysus 66 

Heracles 70 

Perseus 79 

Theseus 89 

(Edipus 93 

Procris X^*^ 



XXU CONTENTS. 

Gbigex Mythology — 

Orpheus 

Europa 

Meleagros (Meleager) .... 

Phaethon 

Asklepios (JSsculapius) 

Admetus 

Lycaon 

Deucalion 

lo 

Epimetheus 

Daedalus 

Niobe 

Tantalus 

Ldon 

Bellerophon, or Eellerophontes . 

Skylla (Scylla) 

lamos 

Amphiaraos 

Briareos (Briareus) .... 

Arethusa 

Tyro 

Narcissus 

The Argonauts 

The Tale of Troy .... 

The Return of the Heroes from Troy . 

Inhabitants of the Greek Mythical World 
Latin Mythology 

Jupiter 

Neptune 

Pluto 

Vesta 

Ceres 



O-l 



CONTENTS. xxiii 

^Tm Mythology — page 

Minerva 196 

Mars 197 

Venus . .198 

Vulcan 199 

Apollo 199 

Diana and Janus 200 

Mercury 201 

.Ssculapius 201 

Bacchus 201 

Hercules 202 

Saturn 204 

Aurora 205 

Avemus 205 

Latin deities not identified with Greek gods . . 206 

Egyptian Mythology 211 

Assyrian Mythology 215 

Thb Mythology op thb Vbda 218 

Pbbsian Mythology 224 

NoBSB Mythology 227 



APPENDIX. 

Mythical Genealogies 235 

Index 243 



N 



MANUAL 



OF 



MYTHOLOGY 



i 



THE ORIGIN AND GROWTH OF MYTHOLOGY. 

(1) What is mythology? 

A collection of tales or legends relating to the 
gods, heroes, demons, or other beings whose 
names have been preserved in popular belief. 

(2) Are such tales found only in the traditions 
of the ancient Greeks and Romans ? 

No; every nation has had its mythology, and 
some nations still retain their old faith in these 
stories. Thus we have the mythology not only of 
Greece and Rome, but of India, Persia, Norway, 
Germany, and other countries. 

(3) What circumstance is especially forced on 
our notice when we compare the legends of these 
different lands ? 

The close resemblance which runs through them 
i^i all their most important featuiea, 

/ ' B 

; ■ 



2 HANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(4) What is the conclusion to be drawn fron 
this? 

That the legends of all these nations have oni 
common source. 

(5) And what is this source? 

The words or phrases used by the most ancien 
tribes in speaking of the things which they saw 
heard, or felt in the world around them. 

(6) If these words related to things of every 
day life, how came they to give rise to stprie 
about giants and nymphs and other unrea 
beings ? 

Because, as time went on, and the people wer 
scattered, the meaning of the old words wa 
either wholly or in part forgotten. 

(7) How is this proved ? 

By the fact that many names, which in Grree 
and Latin have no meaning, are perfectly intel 
ligible in other languages. 

(8) Give some instances. 

Such names as Argynnis, Phoroneus, and Erinyi 
are, in Greek, words which convey no sense : i 
the old mythology of India they explain then 
selves. Erinys is thus seen to be the dawn i 
it creeps along the sky ; Argynnis is a nam 
for the morning, denoting its brilliance ; au 
Phoroneus is the god of fire, Bhuranyu. 



ORIGIN AND GROWTH OP MYTHOLOGY. 8 

) Mention an instance in which the old 
ling of the words was not wholly forgotten, 
. the story of Endymion, Selene, who visits 
is still the moon ; all that had been forgotten 
that Endymion is a name for the sun as he 
ges into the sea: and thus it was thought 
Endymion was some young man on whom 
noon looked down lovingly. 

0) Do many names in Greek mythology 
lin themselves in this way? 

?s. Perhaps the greater number do so. 
I Phoebus means lord of light or of life : and 
s, where he is born, means the bright land. 
;e he is also called Lykegenes, sprung from 
, His mother is Leto (Latona), which means 
light from which the sun seems to spring. 
.00 Endymion, the setting sun, sleeps in 
los, the land of forgetfulness. 

1) In these tales are the same names, or 
is very like each other, given both to men 
ivomen ? 

js. The mother of Cadmus and Europa is 
ihassa, which means, ^she who shines from 
This is only another form of the name 
phus, who is also a child of Aug6, the light. 
)0 the names Europa and Eurytus, Euryme- 
Euryanassa^EuryphassajWithiiiiaii^ o^^x^^^Si 

B 2 



4 HAI9UAL OF IfTTHOLOGT. 

denote a broad epreading light, like that of the 
dawn a8 it rushes across the sky. 

(12) Do the incidents in these tales resemble 
each other as closely as the names ? 

Yes. In a very large number of legends the 
parents, warned that their son will destroy them, 
expose their children, who are saved by some 
wild beast and brought up by some herdsman. 
The children so recovered always grow up beauti- 
ful, brave, strong, and generous; but, either 
unconsciously, or against their will, they fulfil 
the warnings given before their birth, and become 
the destroyers of their parents. 

(13) Mention any tales which thus resemble 
each other. 

Perseus, CEdipus, Cyrus, Eomulus, Paris, are 
all exposed as infants, are all saved from death, 
and discovered by the splendour of their coun- 
tenances and the dignity of their bearing. Either 
consciously or unconsciously Perseus kills Acrisios, 
CEdipus kills Laios, Cyrus slays Astyages, Bomulufi 
kills Amulius, and Paris brings about the ruin ol 
Priam and the city of Troy. 

(14) Have these stories any other features in 
common ? • 

Yes. These heroes have generally a short but 
brilliant life, and have to labour for others, not 



ORIGIN AND GROWTH OF MYTHOLOGY. 5 

for themselves. Thus Heracles (Hercules) is a 
slave tx) Eurystheus, Achilles goes to Troy for no 
quarrel of his own, and Perseus has to toil at the 
bidding of king Polydectes. They are all of them 
slayers of monsters and in other ways helpers of 
men. Thus Bellerophon kills Belleros and Chi- 
masrsL, Perseus destroys the Gorgon Medusa, The- 
seus kills the Minotaur, CEdipus slays the Sphinx, 
and Phoebus Apollo kills the serpent Python. 

(15) Are these things repeated in the stories 
of other countries ? 

Yes. In the Indian tales Indra kills the 
dragon Vritra, and in the Old Norse legend 
Sigurd kills the great snake Fafnir. In the 
Persian story, Eustem is as brave and mighty as 
Heracles, and his exploits are of the same kind. 
All of them have invincible spears or swords, and 
can be wounded only in one spot, or by one 
kind of weapon only. 

(16) Do these heroes resemble each other in 
person and character, as well as in the general 
course of their lives ? 

Yes. They all have fair faces and golden locks 
flowing over their shoulders. They all sacrifice 
their own ease for the good of others, and yet are 
all tempted to forsake or leave the brides of their 
youth. Thus Heracles goes away iioTsi\cjLfe^'^%xS& 



C MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

forsakes CEnone, Theseus leaves Ariadne, anil 
Sigurd deserts Brynhild. They are also subject 
to strange fits of gloom and soUenness, and every 
thing grows dark in their absence firom the ban- 
quet or the battle field. But in the end they 
come forth in all their early gloiy, and are for- 
given by the women whom they had wronged. 

(17) What do we learn firom these resem- 
blances ? 

That they cannot be accidental; and as we 
know that Greeks, and Bomans, and Hindus, and 
Germans, and Norsemen, could not have copied 
these tales from one another three or four thousand 
years ago, we must trace them to a common source^ 
when the forefathers of all these tribes were living 
in the same place. 

(18) What, then, is the root or germ of all 
these stories? 

Words, or phrases, which described events or 
scenes in the outward world. Thus, whereas in the 
oldest Hindu hymns the Sun is said to love the 
Dawn, and as the Sun kills the Dew when he 
looks on it, the Greeks said that Phoebus loved 
Daphne, and that Procris was killed by Kephalos 
(Cephalus). 

19) But how do we know that the stories are 
the aame ? 




OKIGIN AND GROWTH OF MTTHOLOaT. 7 

Because words like Procris, Daphne^ Briseis, 
Hermes, Charites, and Ecliidna, which have no 
clear meaning in Greek, are, in the ancient 
language of India, merely common names for 
the Dew and the Sun, for the morning with 
its beautiful clouds and soft breezes, for the 
glistening horses of the Sun and the throttling 
snake of darkness. 

(20) What was the consequence of this forget- 
ftdness of the first meaning of words ? 

That many of the tales became unnatural, and 
even shocking. Thus, whereas, in time of drought 
men had said that the Sun was killing the fruits 
of the Earth which was his bride, the Greek said 
that Tantalus, an Eastern king, killed and cooked 
his own child. So, too, it had once been said that, 
after slaying noxious things and cheering the 
earth with his brightness, the Sun was united in 
the evening with the Dawn whom he had forsaken 
in the morning. But when the Greeks had for- 
gotten what was meant by the name of CEdipus, 
they said that, after slaying the Sphinx, he was 
married to his own mother, and that terrible evils 
and sufferings followed this event. 

(21) How, then, are we to look on such 
stories ? 

We should look on them as on "pexie-e^^ V^kcvsl- 



8 ICANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

less and beautiful tales^ which have been gradually 
disfigured, without the will or even the conscious- 
ness of those who so changed them. 

(22) What light do they throw on the earliest 
history of the European nations ? 

They show that the ancestors of Englishmen 
and Germans, of Norwegians, and Italians and 
Grreeks, all had the same thoughts, hopes, and 
fears which we feel now, and that, on the whole, 
these thoughts were very beautiful and true. 

(23) What, then, were these phrases whick 
gave rise to so many tales ? 

They form the language of all true poets in all 
times and countries. Everywhere they attribute 
life to the things which they see and hear around 
them ; the Sun is for them a bridegroom coming 
out of his chamber, and a giant rejoicing to run 
his course. This idea is the groundwork of the 
legends of Heracles, Perseus, Theseus, Achilles, 
Bellerophon, and very many others; and all, 
whose hearts and minds are open to see the 
works of God, will feel both their truth and their 
beauty. 'i^flf^ 



9 



GREEK MYTHOLOGY. 



ZEUS 

(24) Who was the supreme god in the my- 
thology of the Greeks ? 

Zeus, who before the time when the Iliad and 
Odyssey were composed, had come to be regarded 
as the father of all gods and men. 

(25) Had he not then always been the 
highest god? 

No. According to some stories, there was a 
time when Cronos, his father, was supreme ; but 
even Cronos was not first in the order of the gods. 

(26) Were the gods, then, arranged in some 
fixed order ? 

Not at first ; but in later times the poets com- 
pared the diflferent tales that were told about the 
various gods, and then arranged them according 
to the relationship pointed out in each story. 

(27) Did these stories differ much from one 
another ? 



10 MANUAL OF HTTH0L06T. 

So much that it is often impossible to make 
them agree together^ and we can only say^ in many 
cases, that each country or city followed its own 
version, 

(28) Is this the case with the legends of Zeus 
and the gods who went before him ? 

Yes. In one account, the first beings are Chaos 
and Gaia, from whom springs Ouranos (or Ura- 
nus) and the Great Mountains and Pontus, In 
another, Gaia or G6 (the Earth) is the wife of 
Ouranos ; and their children, Hyperion, lapetus, 
and many others are bom before Cronos the father 
of Zeus, 

(29) Who is Ouranos? 

Ouranos is the heaven which is spread like a 
veil over the earthy and is the same as the old 
Hindu god Varuna, whose name comes from a root 
var^ meaning to veil or conceal. 

(30) What is the legend of Cronos ? 

It is said that Ouranos hurled the Cyclopes with 
Bronte, Sterope (Thunder and Lightning), and 
other children of Gaia (the Earth) into the abyss 
called Tartarus, and that Gaia, in her grief and 
anger, urged her other children to mutilate their 
father and to set up Cronos instead upon his throne. 

(31) What were the acts of Cronos as soon as 
Jje became king ? 



ZEUS. 1 1 

He is said to have swallowed his children soon 
after each was bom. 

(32) How is this to be explained ? 

As the action of time, which swallows up the 
days as they come each in its order. 

(33) What had these acts of Cronos to do 
with the history of Zens ? 

Bhea, the wife of Cronos and the mother of 
Zens, anxious to save her child, gave her husband 
a stone to swallow, while Zeus was born and 
nourished in the cave of Dicte or on Ida. 

(34) Is the name Zeus found in the Hindu 
mythology? 

Yes. Zeus is there Dyaus, the god of the 
bright sky or heaven, from a word which means 
to shine. 

(35) Is it found also in the tales of other 
nations ? 

Yes. As the Hindus spoke of Dyaus-pitar, and 
the Greeks of Zeus PatSr, so the Latins and 
Bomans called him Jupiter, which means father 
Zeus. By the Anglo-Saxons he was called Tiu (a 
word which is still seen in our Tue8day)y and by 
tte old High Germans he was known as Zio. 

(36) What, then, was the first meaning of the 
name? 

^t meant the pure blue sky,tiie aJoo^^ o1 \\.^pi^r 



12 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOOT. 

far above the clouds or anything which could sully 
its purity. 

(37) Does this at all explain the Greek story ? 
It shows us why Zeus is bom in the cave of Dicte^ 

which is another of those words that denote the 
approach of lights just as Delos^ where Phoebus 
is bom, is the bright land. 

(38) What acts are ascribed to Zeus after he 
had come to his full strength ? 

He is said to have delivered the Cyclopes from 
Tartarus^ and to have obtained the aid of the 
hundred-handed giants in his war against the 
Titans. 

(39) Was he aided by any others in this 
struggle ? 

According to the story followed by -^schylus, he 
had the help of Prometheus, the son of Deucalion, 
and by his aid he dethroned Cronos ; but angry 
afterwards, because Prometheus taught men the 
use of fire, he chained him to the rugged rocks 
of Caucasus. 

(40) How was the empire of Cronos divided ? 
We are told in some stories that the Cyclopes 

gave to Zeus a thunderbolt, and to his brothers 

Hades and Poseidon a helmet and a trident, and 

that, having received these gifts, the three gods cast 

Jotis^ and the sovereignty of Yieaven Ml to t\ve i^or- 



ZEUS. 13 

tion of ZeuBy that of the sea to Poseidon^ and that 
of the lower regions to Hades. 

(41) What is the character of Zeus in the 
Homeric poems ? 

Zeus in these poems is described in ways so 
diflferent that we should rather say that there were 
two gods called by this name. Sometimes he is 
represented as partial, unjust, fond of rest and 
pleasure, changeable in his affections, and unfaith- 
ful in his love, greedy, sensual, and impure. But 
in hours of real trouble and grief, Achilles and 
the other Achaians pray to a Zeus who is not only 
irresistible in might, but also just and righteous. 

(42) How is this conti-ast to be accounted for ? 
As the Indian word Dyaus seems originally to 

have been a name for the One only God, so it 
was retained by the Greeks and other kindred 
peoples to express all that they felt towards 
God. But as the word also meant the visible 
sky, with its clouds and vapours, some of the 
phrases which described its changes came, when 
their meaning was forgotten, to denote vile or 
shameful actions. Thus the earth had been 
spoken of as the bride of the sky, and the sky 
was said to overshadow the earth with his love in 
every land ; and all this, when applied to a deity 
with human form and passions, gcerw xr^ Sxs^q> 
strange stories of lawless licen.ce. 



A« 



MANUAL OF MYTHOLOGY. 



(43) Is this conclusion justified by the lat 
Greek poetry ? 

It is even strengthened, for while in Hesiod thi 
descent of the gods, their earthly loves, and theii 
gross actions are brought out even more promi- 
nently, yet the poet can turn sharply away from 
all such things to the thought of that pure and 
holy Zeus who looks down from heaven to see if 
men will do justice and seek after God. 

(44) How was this contrast felt by the poets 
and philosophers of a still later age ? 

By some the thought that the gods most be 
good was regarded as a sufiScient reason for dis- 
believing all stories to their discredit : by others 
these tales were considered to disprove their 
divinity, as Euripides said — 

If the gods do aught unseemly, then they are not gods at alL 

But others rested content with the knowledge that 
Zeus was a mere name by which they might 
speak of Him in whom we live, and move, and 
have our being; but which is utterly unable to 
express, as our mind is to conceive. His infinite 
perfection. 

(45 ) Has the name Zeus passed into any other 
form? 

It is derived from the same root with the Greek 



ZEUS. 15 

Theos, and the Latin Deus, which both mean 
' God.' The former word forms part of the word 
* Theology,' which means what we thinker be- 
lieve .about Grod. 

(46) Who are named as the children of Zeus ? 
Apollo and Artemis, whose mother was called 

Leto (Latona), Ares, Hermes and Athena, who, 
with Poseidon, Hera, Hephaestus, Hestia,Demeter, 
Aphrodite, and Zeus himself, formed the body 
which in the days of Thucydides was worshipped 
as ^ the twelve gods ' of Olympus. 

(47) Is this ordering of the gods found in the 
Homeric poems ? 

No. Many of the deities in these poems are 
not nearly so important as they are in later times, 
while many become lower in character in later 
tradition. 

(48) What is the name given to those poems 
which describe the birth and attributes of the 
gods? 

They are called theogonies ; the best known 
being the theogony of Hesiod, and that which 
bears the name of Orpheus. 

(49) Which were the most celebrated temples 
or sanctuaries of Zeus in ancient Hellas or 
Greece ? 

The temple on Mount Lycseus (a woiA. dL«:iQ?a^^ 



16 MAKTAL OW MTTHOLOOT. 

merely brightness)^ in Arcadia ; that of Dodona, 
which at first was in Thessaly^ and afterwards in 
Epirus ; and that of Olympia in Eli% where the 
great Olympic games were celebrated at the end 
of every fourth year. 

(50) Was Zeus worshipped under many names? 
Yes. The number of these names is so great 

that it would be useless to reckon them. He was 
named sometimes from places^ as the Dodonsean, 
Pelasgic, or Cretan Zeus^ but more commonly he 
was invoked as the fountain of order, justice, law, 
and equity. Thus he was called Ephestios, as 
guarding family life, Horkios as watching over 
contracts, and Xenios as the protector of strangers. 

(51) What do these many names teach us ? 
That they express only some one or more of 

those good qualities which were felt to make up 
the nature, not of^Zeus, the son of Cronos, but of 
the One Great God and Father of us alL 



POSEIDON. 



(52) Who was Poseidon ? 
A son of Cronos and Ehea, and thereforf 
brother of Zeus and Hades. 



POSEIDON, 17 

(63) What was his office ? 

When the lots were cast for the sovereignty of 
;he heavens, the sea^ and the regions beneath the 
^arth, that of the sea fell to the share of Poseidon, 
^ho received a trident as the emblem of his 
DOwer. 

(54) Id what sense is Poseidon the god of the 
jea? 

Seemingly, as having under his control the 
ibrces which affect its movements, rather than as 
limself inhabiting its waters. 

(55) Is there, then, any god whose actual home 
J8 in the sea ? 

Yes; Nereus lives in the deep waters, and 
jtands to Poseidon in the same relation which 
Elelios, who dwells in the sun, bears to Phcebus, 
he lord of light. 

(56) What is the meaning of the name 
Poseidon ? 

It is not known with certainty. 

(57) Is there anything in the legends which 
nay throw light on the meaning of the name ? 

In the Hiad and Odyssey Poseidon is represented 
is equal to Zeus in dignity, and inferior to him 
)nly in might. He has also the power of creation, 
br, according to one story, he is the maker of the 
lorse. He is also called Gaifeocl[io^,\!li<^\L^^'^^'t <5k\ 

C 



18 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

the earth, and Enosichthon, the world-f 
and lastly, he disputes with Hera, Heli( 
Athena the sovereignty of certain Greek 
Hence it is not unlikely that the name c 
originally simply the idea of lordship or 
and that it is connected with such words as 
and despot; Hera, the wife of Zeus, bei] 
called Potnia, or the mighty one. 

(58) How is Poseidon described as be 
towards Zeus ? 

He is represented generally as faithful ai 
missive to the great ruler of Olympus ; bi 
he plotted, we are told, with Hera and 
Athena to put Zeus in chains, and was ou 
by Thetis, at whose warning Zeus plac 
hundred-handed Briareos by his throne, t 
the conspirators. 

(59) Where was the palace of Poseidon 
In the deep waters near -^gse, on the st 

Euboea. Here he kept his horses with 
manes, which answer to the Hindu Ha 
glistening horse of the sun, and which be 
with mighty strides over the sea. 

(60) Do the legends of Poseidon dijBFer 
special way from those of Zeus ? 

Yes. Zeus is never described as subject 
will of others, or as compelled to go t 



POSEIDON. 19 

Benrile tasks. But Poseidon is made, together 
with Heracles, to build the walls of Troy for 
Laomedon, just as Phoebus Apollo is compelled to 
be a servant in the house of Admetus. 

(61) What was the recompense of Poseidon 
for this service ? 

The usual recompense of those gods and heroes 
who, like the sun, are said to toil for the benefit 
of man. Laomedon refused to pay the promised 
price, just as Achilles complains that he has all 
the hardships and none of the rewards of war. 

(62) What was the consequence of this trea- 
diery? 

That Poseidon took the side of Agamemnon 
and Menelaus, when they came to Troy to take 
vengeance for the evil deeds of Paris. 

(63) Where is Poseidon said to have created 
the horse? 

At Athens, where there was a contest between 
kim and Athena for the naming of the city. 
Zem decided that it should be named after the 
tety who should confer the best gift on mankind. 
Upon this Athena produced the olive tree, and 
Poeeidon the horse ; and the victory was adjudged 
to Athena, the olive being a sign of peace and 
pfosperity, and the horse a sign of war and 
rbl vvetchedness. 

c 2 



m 



20 MiLMUAL OF HTTHOLOOT. 

(64) Is there any other versioii of this le- 
gend ? 

In the Iliad Achilles tells quite another tak^ 
for he says that Poseidon created the horse in 
Thessaly^ and that he gave the immortal steeds, 
Xanthos and Balios (the golden and spotted)^ to 
Peleus, the father of Achilles. 

(65) Are any other contests ascribed to Posei- 
don like that which he had with Athena? 

He is said to have claimed authority over 
Corinth against Helios (the Sun), over Naxoe 
against Dionysus, and over JSgina against Zeus 
himself. 

(66) What do such statements seem to 
prove ? 

That originally Poseidon was regarded simply 
as ruler or king, and that his power was, in 
process of time, limited to the control of the 
sea. 

(67) Who is mentioned as the wife of Poseidon? 
Amphitrite. 

(68) What is the meaning of this name ? 

It cannot be explained by any word in the Greek 
language ; but in the old Hindu legends we find a 
god, Trita, who reigns over the water and the air. 
This name Trita, which some have connected 
with that of Amphitrite, reappears apparently in 



HADES. 21 

Tritopator, a name for the winds, and in Trito- 
geneia, an epithet applied to Athena, as well as in 
Triton, the son of Poseidon. 

(69) Is this name found in the legends of any 
other people beside the Greeks and Hindus ? 

Yes. In the old Persian stories, the Trita or 
Traitana of India reappears as Thraetana, the 
slayer of the serpent Zohak, which answers to the 
dragon Python killed by Phoebus, and to Fafnir, 
who is slain by Sigurd. 



HADES. 

(70) Who was Hades? 

Like Poseidon, he was a son of Cronos and 
Bhea, and brother of Zeus. 

(71) Over what region was Hades king ? 
Over the unseen abodes beneath the earth, the 

earth according to the old belief being regarded 
as a fiat surface. 

(72) He is, then, the god of the unseen world. 
Does the name bear out this idea ? 

It seems to do so, for we have other forms 
of the word, as Aides and Aidoneus, which appear 
to denote that which is unseen, and t\i^ \i^\si<^ 



S2 MAKUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

given to him by the Cyclopes had the power of 
rendering the wearer invisible. 

(73) How do we know this? 
Because Perseus, who is suffered to wear this 

helmet, becomes invisible so long as he has it on 
his head, and is again visible when he takes it in 
his hand. It is, in short, the invisible cap of the 
Nibelungen tale. 

(74) Who was the wife of Bfedes? 
Persephone or Persephassa, the daughter of 

Demeter. 

(75) How did he win her to be his bride ? 

He is said to have seized her while she was 
gathering flowers in the fields of Enna, and to 
have carried her away to his dark abode in a 
chariot drawn by four coal-black horses. 

(76) Was Hades known by any other names ? 
Yes. He was called Plouton, or Pluto, as being 

guardian of all those mineral treasures of the 
earth which Andvari, the dwarf, guards in the 
Teutonic story of Sigurd. He was also known as 
Polydegmon (the king who receives many into his 
unseen home), a name only slightly varied in 
Polydectes, the king of Seriphos, who persecutes 
Danae, the mother of Perseus. 

(77) Was he ever described in any other way? 
Sometimes he was spoken oi as ^iXi^ Ti^v^a oii \3si'fe 



b- 



HADBS. IS 

lower worlds and thus the three names, Zeus, 
Hades and Poseidon seem to have denoted merely 
the ideas of sovereignty and power, before they 
came to be assigned to the local rulers of the sky, 
the sea, and the nether world. 

(78) How was the palace of Hades guarded? 
By the monstrous dogs, Orthros and Kerberos 

(Cerberus), the latter of whom has three heads. 

(79) Are these monsters mentioned in the tra- 
ditions of any other people ? 

Yes. They reappear as Vritra and Sarvara, 
names applied to the powers of darkness in the 
ancient traditions of the Hindus. 

(80) How was it that Hades, being like Zeus, 
a son of Cronos, was not reckoned among the 
twelve gods of Olympus ? 

Merely because his empire lay beneath the 
earth. In the Homeric poems this distinction is 
not known. There he has the power of going to 
Olympus when he pleases, and he does so when he 
is wounded by Heracles. 

(81) What was the later meaning of the name 
Hades ? 

It came to denote not merely the king of the 
unseen world beneath the earth, but the unseen 
world itself. 



24 MANUAL OT ICTTEOLOaT. 



HEREy OR HERA« 

(82) Who was Hera? 

A daughter of Cronos and Bhea^ and therefore 
a sister of Zeus, Hades^ and Poseidon she was 
also the wife of Zeus. 

(83) What is the meaning of the name? 

It is probably derived from the same root from 
which come the Sanskrit Bvar^ the bright siky, and 
sHrya^ the sun, as well as the Greek HiUos, the 
sun. It seems originally to have meant the hear 
venly air, the consort of Zeus, the heavenly light 

(84") Do the mythical tales support this ex- 
planation? 

Yes : the story of Ixion especially agrees closely 
with this its original meaning. 

(85) How is she described in the Homeric 
poems ? 

As the wife of Zeus, who is reverenced by the 
gods not less than her husband, to whom she is 
on the whole submissive. 

(86) What exceptions are there to this sub- 
missiveness? 

Apart from her opposition to Zeus in the 
Trojan war, she shared in the plot of Poseidon 
and Athena to put him in chains. 



HERA* 25 

(87) What accounts are given of her birth-place 
and her marriage ? 

The stories vary so much that it is impossible 
to arrange them, or to harmonise them. 

(88) Who were the children of Hera ? 
Ares, Hebe, and Hephaestus. 

(89) What made her take part against the 
Trojans in the war waged by the Achaians against 
Troy or Ilion ? 

The judgment of Paris, before whom Hera, 
Aphrodite, and Athena appeared as claimants of 
the golden apple, which was to be given to the 
fairest of the three. The apple was given to 
Aphrodite, and from that time forth Hera and 
Athena are said to have hated the city of Priam. 

(90) What is the name of the wife of Jupiter 
in the mythology of the Latins ? 

Juno. 

(91) Are Juno and Hera the same deity? 
Yes. Although commonly the Latin deities 

correspond in name only with those of the Greek, 
in this case the identity is suflSciently proved. 

(92) How 

As the Hindu dyavan represents the Greek 
Zeus, so the latter answers to the Latin Dianus, or 
Janus, while the feminine forms Diana. aTi<&. 5\>xi^ 
would correspond to a Greek Zenon, aa aiem^ixi^^ 



26 MANUAL OF KTTHOLOGT. 

(93) Do any of the stories told about her 
explain the nature of her oflSce ? 

In the greater number she appears as the queen 
of the pure heaven. This idea is specially mani- 
fested in the legend of Ixion (the whirling sun), 
who, after being purified by Zeus from the guilt 
of blood, seeks to win the love of Hera» and is 
cheated by Zeus with a cloud which is made to 
assimie her shape. ^ 



HESTIA. 

(94) Who was Hestia ? 

The eldest child of Cronos and Bhea. 

(95) What was her office? 

She was the goddess of th% household hearth, 
or rather of the fire burning on the hearth. As 
according to the old heathen custom all men were 
regarded as enemies unless by a special compact 
they had been made friends, so Hestia presided 
especially over true and faithful dealing ; and ae 
the household was the centre of all kindly aflFec- 
tions, she was represented always as pure and 
undefiled. 

' Tales of Thebes and Ai^oa, 1^. 248. 



HESTIA. 27 

(96) What is the history of this goddess ? 

Little more is told of Hestia than that Posei- 
don sought to have her as his wife and that she 
refused. 

(97) How is it that so little is said about her ? 
Because her name was one of those words 

which had not lost its meaning. Hestia con- 
tinued to the end, as she had been from the 
beginning, the household altar, the sanctuary of 
peace and equity, and the source of all happiness 
and wealth. 

(98) Was Hestia, then, an unimportant deity? 
No. The influence of Hestia was perhaps 

more deeply felt, and wrought more good, than 
that of any other Olympian deity. Her wor- 
ship involved direct and practical duties. She 
could not be fitly served by men who broke their 
plighted word, or dealt treacherously with those 
whom they had received at their hearth; and thus 
her worship was almost an unmixed good both 
for households and for the state. 

(99) Was Hestia, then, worshipped by cities as 
well as in private homes ? 

Yes. Each town had its Prytaneium, where the 
prytanes or elders held their meetings. There 
the sacred fire, burning on the public hearth, was 
never suffered to die out. If at any \j\irka \\. ^^xil5^ 



28 MANUAL OF KTTHOLOGT. 

out, either from neglect or by accidenty it was 
restored by fire obtained by rubbing pieces of 
wood together, or by kindling them with a burn- 
ing glass, and never by ordinary fire, 

(100) When a city sent out men to form a 
colony, how was the bond of union with the 
parent state kept up ? 

By the sacred fire of Hestia, a portion of which 
was carried away by the colonists, to be kept alive 
for ever in their new home, and as long as this 
fire continued burning, they felt they still had a 
common interest with the citizens of their old 
country. 

(101) Was the office of Hestia limited to the 
hearths of households and cities ? 

No. It was supposed that in the centre of the 
earth there was a hearth which answered to the 
hearth placed in the centre of the whole universe. 

(102) Was Hestia worshipped by other nations 
besides the Greeks ? 

Yes. By the Latins and Eomans, imder the 
name of Vesta, which is only another form of the 
same word. 



29 



(103) Who was D6m§t6r ? 

A daughter of Cronos and Bhea, and a sister 
of Zeus^ Poseidon^ Hades^ Hestia and Hera. 

(104) How is Demeter chiefly known in the 
mythical tales ? 

As the mother grieving for the loss of her 
child PersephonS.* 

(105) What was the cause of this sorrow ? 
Zeus, it is said, had, without the knowledge of 

Demeter, promised Hades that Persephonfe should 
be his wife ; and while the maiden was gathering 
flowers in the fields of Enna, the earth opened, 
and Hades, appearing in a chariot drawn by coal- 
black horses, took her away to his dark home. 

(106) How was this loss borne by Demeter? 
She put on a dark mourning robe, and refusing 

to be comforted, wandered with a torch in her 
hand for nine days and nights searching for her 
daughter. 

(107) Did she receive any aid in her search? 
On the tenth day she met Hecate, who could 

* *The Sorrow of Demeter,* Tales from Greek Mythology, 
p. 1. 



80 IIANUAL 07 MTTHOLOOT. 

not say where the maiden was, as she had only 
heard her cry when Hades seized her. Demeter 
then went to Helios, who sees all things, and from 
him she learnt that Persephonfi was now qneen 
of the dark realm heneath the earth. 

(108) Was Demeter satisfied with the«e 
tidings ? 

No. She refused to visit Olympus, and wan- 
dered over the earth, mourning and weeping for 
her child. 

(109) What was the eflfect of her grief and 
anger? 

The husbandmen toiled in vain, for not a seed 
came up from the earth ; not a blossom was seen 
upon the trees; and it seemed that all mortal 
things must soon die. 

(110) What was the end of her wanderings? 
Eoaming along in her great agony, she came 

at last to Eleusis, and sat down near a fountain, 
where she was kindly greeted by the daughters of 
King Keleos when they came to draw water, 
and at their entreaty she took up her abode in 
their house. 

(111) Was her grief now assuaged? 

No. During her year's sojourn at Eleusis the 
earth still shared in the sorrow of Demeter, and 
yielded no fruits. 



DSHETBB* 31 

(112) How did she recompeDse the kindness 
which she received in the house of Keleos ? 

On this subject more than one story is told. 
In one, it is said that she nursed Demophoon, 
the son of Keleos, and that under her care the 
child grew up glorious in beauty ; that Demeter 
bathed him every day in fire, to render him im- 
mortal, but that his mother Metaneira, seeing 
him in the fiery bath, screamed with fear, and 
Demeter told her that but for her cries her son 
would have known neither old age nor death, 
whereas now he must grow old and die like other 
men. 

(113) What is the other tale ? 

According to this version, it is said that on the 
alarm given by Metaneira, Demeter suffered the 
child Demophoon to be consumed by flames, but, 
as an atonement for this, she gave to his brother 
Triptolemus a chariot drawn by winged dragons, 
and taught him how to plough the earth and to 
sow wheat. 

(114) How is the story of Demeter continued? 
The terrible drought and famine caused by the 

anger of Demeter is said to have convinced 
Zeus that every thing on the earth must die 
unless her grief could be soothed; but as she 
would listen to no prayers untW. V^et OcS^^ 



32 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

was brought back to her, Zeus at last sent 
Hermes, who returned with Persephond from 
Hades. 

(115) Where did the meetiiig take place, and 
what followed it ? 

At Eleusis: and the grief of Demeter being 
now swallowed up in a deeper joy,* the earth and 
all things in it shared her gladness, and peace 
and plenty returned to every land. 

(116) Did Persephon6 remain altogether witb 
Demeter ? 

No. Before Hermes took her away. Hades 
gave her some pomegranate seeds to eat, and she 
was thus bound to return to his dreary kingdom* 

(117) Did Demeter consent to this ? 

Not being able to keep her daughter always 
with her, she agreed that Persephon6 should 
spend a certain portion of each year (some said 
four, others six months) with Hades. 

(118) What memorial is she said to have left 
of her presence at Eleusis ? 

Having bidden Keleos to build a temple for 
her worship, she taught him and his people the 
great Eleusinian mysteries, which were regularly 
celebrated there in her honour. 

(119) How was this legend regarded by the 
people of Eleusis ? 



BEMETEB* 83 

As the history of events which had actually 
occurred at the, place. 

(120) What was the origin of the legend ? 

It grew up out of the old phrases which had at 
first described the changes of summer and winter. 

(121) What, then, is Demeter? 

She is the earth who was called the mother of 
M things^ and more particularly the mother of 
the Tnaiden (Kore). 

(122) How did this furnish a groundwork fpr 
the later legend ? 

When the spring time came, men had said 
once, that the daughter of the Earth was re- 
tiuning in all her beauty ; and when summer faded 
into winter, they said that the beautiful child had 
been stolen away from her mother by dark beings 
who kept her imprisoned beneath the earth. 

(123) What then is the sorrow of Demeter? 
The gloom which falls on the earth during the 

cheerless months of winter. 

(124) Is this story found in the legends of 
other nations ? 

Yes. It exists in many versions, especially in 
the legends of northern countries. In these 
Persephone is a beautiful maiden, who, while the 
earth without is cold and dead, lies wrapped in 
slumber, hidden away from all moT\A\ e^^^. 



34 



IIANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 



(125) Do these stories resemble the Greek 
tale in any other way ? 

Yes. As Demeter is the earth which is full of 
mineral treasures as well as of fruit-giving seeds, 
the idea of wealth was connected with her name, 
and the loss of Persephone was the taking away of 
her treasures. So in the Norse tales, the Niflungs 
(or the children of the mist) hide away the 
treasures of the earth, until they are compelled 
to yield them up again by one to whom they 
must submit as Hades submits to the bidding 
of Hermes. 

(126) Where are Enna and Eleusis? 

There is an Enna in Sicily, and an Eleusis in 
Attica ; but the Enna and Eleusis of the legend 
are names of the same kind as Delos, Lycia, and 
Ortygia, the land of light where Phoebus Apollo is 
born. The word Eleusis means a coming or an 
approach^ and would naturally be applied to the 
return of spring after her absence during winter, 
and to the spot where the mother might be sup- 
posed to meet her child. 



S 



S5 



ATHENA OR ATHfiNfi. 

(127) Who was Athena? 

The daughter of Zeus, who is said to have 
sprung from the forehead of her father, when, 
according to some poets, Hephaestus had split it 
open with an axe. 

(128) How is this strange tale to be explained ? 
By comparing the Greek with the Hindu tale 

which gives it in an earlier form. 

(129) What does this comparison teach us? 
That Athena is a name for the Dawn, who is 

in the Indian poems called Ahana and Dahana. 

(130) How does this explain her springing from 
the forehead of her father ? 

As Zeus was a name for the sky or heaven, so 
the Dawn was said to spring from the forehead of 
the sky, — in other words, from the east. 

(131) What has this to do with the axe of He- 
phaestus ? 

This part of the story grew up out of an ex- 
pression which had said only that the morning 
light opened or lit up the dark face or forehead 
of the sky. 

(132) What names were given to Athena, as 
'^ving been so born ? 



36 MASTAL OF XTTHOLOGT. 

She was called in some Greek states Koryphasia 
(from Koryph^, a head), and Akria {tojmiost), and 
by the Somans Capta (from caput, the heady 

(133) How was her name Tritogeneia ex- 
plained? 

By some it was thought to mean that she was 
bom on the third day (from trita, third) ; but this 
explanation has no meaning. Others explained 
it by the word Trito, which in one Greek dialect 
meant a head ; and others again said that she was 
so called as having been bom on the banks of 
the Libyan lake Tritonis, or of the river Triton. 

(134) Are any of these explanations sufficient? 
No. There were many rivers called Triton, and 

hence we have to find out what is meant by the 
word Triton. 

(135) Can this be ascertained? 

Yes. In the oldest Hindu or Sanskrit hymns 
we read of a god called Trita, who rules over the 
air and the waters. This Triton is really the same 
god as Dyu or Zeus, the sky ; and hence Trito- 
geneia is the daughter of the sky, — or, in other 
words, the morning. 

(136) What was the earliest office of Athena? 
That of waking people from their slumbers: 

, next to the owl, the cock (the bird of the 
wg\ is sacred to Athieiia. 




ATHENA. 37 

(137) But is not Athena also the goddess of 
wisdom ? 

Yes. As in the ancient language of India, the 
same word which means to wake, means also to 
hnoWi so the goddess who made people wake was 
thought to be the goddess who made people to 
know. 

(138) Are there any variations in the legends 
of Athena? 

Yes. According to some, she was a child, not 
of Zeus, but of the winged giant, Pallas, or of 
Poseidon, or Hephaestus. While others again 
speak of her as always a maiden, others say that 
Apollo was her son. 

(139) How is this to be explained? 

As following the dawn, Apollo may be called 
the son of Athena ; but if he is regarded as spring- 
ing from the night, he is the son of Leto. 

(140) In what relation does she stand to Zeus? 
Generally, in that of perfect harmony and sub- 
mission. 

(141) What exceptions are there to this rule ? 
She shared in the conspiracy of Poseidon and 

Hera to dethrone or imprison Zeus, and she aided 
Prometheus in stealing fire from heaven against 
the will of Zeus. She is also said to ii^-^^ ^LOtifc 
ihis&om a passionate love for Prouiet\i^ws5^\i«t^'as» 



38 MANUAL OP MYTHOLOGY. 

she is generally described as insensible to all such 
feelings. 

(142) Is Athena introduced into many legends? 

She appears, throughout the Iliad, as the god- 
dess who knows most deeply the mind of 2Sen8, 
and as the guide and comforter of Achilles, Odys- 
seus, and other heroes. 

(143) Are there any stories in which she is 
described as acting from unworthy or unseemly 
motives ? 

In the legend of Pandora,* she takes part in 
the plot which results in increasing the misery 
of mankind. 

(144) What city bears the name of this goddess? 
Athens, which is said to have been named after 

her when she produced the olive tree as a better 
gift for man than the horse which had been created 
by Poseidon, who wished the city to be called 
Poseidonia. 

(145) How is Athena represented? 

As the goddess with the bright or gleaming 
eyes (Griaukopis), and as having on her aegis or 
cloak the face of the Gorgon Medusa, which 
turned all who looked on it into stone, 

(146) What celebrated temple was dedicated 
to her honour ? 

' Talcs of the Gods and "ELeToca, ^. \^1» 



ABES. 89 

The Parthenon, on the Acropolis of Athens, be- 
fore which stood the colossal statue of the goddess, 
carved in gold and ivory by the great sculptor 
Pheidias, the friend of Pericles (in the fifth cen- 
tury b.c.). 

(147) Was Athena known to the Eomans and 
Latins? 

Not under this name; but their goddess Minerva 
so nearly resembles her, that both may be regarded 
as the same deity. 

(148) What, then, are the points of difierence 
between Athena and Minerva ? 

The idea of the Latin goddess is far higher than 
that of the Greek. The name Minerva is con- 
nected with the Latin word meris, which is the 
same as the Greek minos, and the English mind ; 
that of Athena conveys only the idea of outward, 
not of mental brightness. 



ARES. 



(149) Who was Ares? 

A son, according to some stories, of Zeus and 
Hera, and the god of the din and tumult of war. 

(150) Was be not the god of wai its^i'i 



40 MANUAL OF IfYTHOLOGr. 

Not strictly, Tinless war is to be regarded as a 
mere desire for fighting. No higher idea than 
this enters into the notion of Ares. He changes 
capriciously from one side to another^ and even 
takes pleasure in plaguing men with sicknesses 
and epidemics. 

(151) Does the character of Ares stand high in 
Greek tradition ? 

No. He is frequently overcome, and when he 
is wounded, his roar is as loud as that of nine or 
ten thousand warriors. He is also noted chiefly 
by his huge size and his bodily strength; and 1 
when prostrate on the battle-field, his body was 
said to cover many roods of ground. 

(152) What is the origin of the name ? 
It comes from the same root with the name of 

the Latin god Mars, and the Maruts of Indian 
mythology, and means the grinder or crusher. 

(153) To what objects was this name first 
applied ? 

To the storms which throw heaven and earth 
into confusion ; and hence the idea of Ares u; con- 
fined to mere disorder and tumult, 

(154) With what goddess is the name of Ares 
chiefly connected ? 

With Aphrodite, whose love he is said to have 
obtained ; but when she seemed to favour Adonis, 



AFHBODITB. 41 

Ares is described in some versions as changing 
himself into the boar which slew the youth of 
whom he was jealous. 

(155) What court at Athens bore the name of 
Ares ? 

That of Areiopagus, as being built on the Hill 
of Ares. 

(156) How did the hill receive this name ? 

It is said that Ares, having slain Haliniothios, 
the son of Poseidon, was accused by the latter 
before the Olympian gods. Ares was acquitted, 
and the court was called after his name. 



APHRODITE. 



(157) What is the generally received legend 
about the birth of Aphrodite ? 

It is said that she sprang from the bright foam 
of the sea, and was therefore called Aphrodite 
( Aphros, froth), and Anadyomene {she who rises 
up). 

(158) Whose daughter was she ? 
According to some tales, she was a child of 

Ouranos {heaven) and Hemera (day) ; but in the 
Hiad she is called the daughter of Zeus and 
Dione. 



43 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(159) What then was Aphrodite originally? 
A name for the dawn^ as it rises from the sea 

in the east ; and as the dawn is the most lovely 
of the sights of nature, Aphrodite became natu- 
rally to the Greek the goddess of beauty and 
love. 

(160) Does this agree with the legends of other 
countries ? 

Yes. In the oldest Vedic hymns of the Hindus 
the morning is called Duhita Divah, the daughter 
of Dyaus, just as Aphrodite is the daughter of 
Zeus. 

(161) What other name is given to the Morning 
in these hymns ? 

She is called Arjuni, the bright or glistening. 

(162) Is this name found in Greek mythology? 
Yes. In the form Argynnis, who is described 

as a young woman beloved by Agamemnon. 

(163) How did this story spring up ? 
Because the real meaning of the word Argynnis 

had been forgotten, and only the idea of her 
beauty had been remembered. Argynnis there- 
fore became to Agamemnon what Helen was to 
Menelaiis. 

(164) By whom was Aphrodite attended ? 

By the Horae (or Hours) and more especially 
by the Charites, or Graces. 



APHRODITE. 43 

(165) Are the Charites found in other legends 
reside the Greek ? 

In the Vedic hymns they are spoken of as the 
Earits or horses of the dawn. 

(166) What is the meaning of the name? 

It signifies brightness produced by anointing 
vdth fat or oil. This gave the idea of splendour, 
and so the horses of the dawn became, in the mind 
of the Greeks, the lovely attendants of Aphrodite. 

(167) Mention any other names of Aphrodite? 
She was called Enalia and Pontia, both of which 

names mean that she belonged to the sea. She 
was also called Urania, and Pandemos, or the 
goddess of pure, as well as gross and sensual love. 

(168) What does this show? 

That the loveliness of the morning suggested 
the idea of tenderness and love, and that this idea 
passed into many shapes according to the mind 
of the nations among whom these traditions came. 

(169) Was the worship of Aphrodite general ? 

It was found everywhere; but her most cele- 
brated temples were in Cythera and Cyprus, in 
Cnidos, Paphos, and Corinth. 

(170) How was Aphrodite connected with the 
tale of the Trojan war? 

At the marriage feast of Peleus and Thetis, Eris 
(strife) threw down a golden apple to \ie ^^es^^Xi 



44 MANUAL OF KTTHOLOGT. 

the loveliest of the goddesses. The prize was 
claimed by Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite; and 
Zeus decreed that Paris, the son of Priam, should 
be judge. Paris gave it to Aphrodite, who 
tempted him to steal away Helen from Sparta; 
and this wrong done to Menelaiis, the husband 
of Helen, led to the Trojan war. 

(171) Who was the husband of Aphrodite? 
In the Homeric poems, she is called the wife 

of Hephaestus: — ^the meaning of this being that 
the dawn is the bride of the light. She had also 
many lovers and many children ; and the names, 
in most cases, explain themselves. As rising from 
the sea, she was loved by Poseidon ; as stirring up 
a tumult of passion in the heart, she was loved 
by Ares, and became the mother of Deimos, 
Harmonia, and Eros (Fear, Harmony, and 
Love). 

(172) What other stories are told of her? 

It is said that she loved Anchises, and became 
the mother of iEneas, the ancestor of Bomulus. 
But she is more particularly known as the lover 
of Adonis. 

(173) Does the name Adonis belong to Greek 
mythology ? 

No. It is a Syrian or Hebrew word, signifying 
Zord» 



AFHBODITE 45 

(174) Under what other name was Adonis wor- 
shipped in Syria ? 

Under that of Tammuz.* 

(175) What is the story of Adonis ? 

It is said that his great beauty charmed Aphro- 
dite, but that he did not return her love ; and 
that while yet in the spring time of his youth 
he died from the bite of a wild boar, who tore 
his flesh with his tusk.^ 

(176) Is this tale like any other? 

It resembles very many in which the hero dies 
young, or is smitten by a tusk, or spear, or thorn, 
or arrow. Thus in the Persian story, Isfendiyar 
is killed by a thorn thrown into his eye by Eustem, 
and in the Norse tales, Sigurd is also killed by a 
lance, as Paris is slain by the poisoned arrows 
of Heracles. 

(177) What is the meaning of the tale of Aplnro- 
dite and Adonis ? 

The sorrow of Aphrodite for Adonis is the grief 
of Demeter for the loss of Persephone. In the 
latter, the earth mourns the departure of summer; 
in the former, the dawn or twilight is described 
as grieving for the death of the shortlived sun. 

(178) Do the stories about Aphrodite express 
any one idea ? 

' Ezekiel yiii. 14. 
' Tales of the Gods and Heroes, i^. 1\. 



46 MANUAL OF UTTHOLOaT. 

No. She is represented in many ways, some- 
times pure^ sometimes gentle and loving, sometimes 
strong and vehement, sometimes indolent and 
listless, and sometimes as flushed with victory. 
In the temples of Sparta, she was represented as 
a conquering goddess in armour, just as later 
poets spoke of Eros (love) as being invincible in 
battle. 



HEPBLESTUS. 



(179) How is Hephaestus described? 

As the smith of the gods, who forges irresistible 
weapons, but is lame and ugly. 

(180) Why is he thus described ? 

Because Hephaestus is, strictly, the brightness 
of flame, and as the flame comes from a little 
spark, so he was represented as puny and deformed 
at his birth, but as strong and powerful when 
grown up. 

(181) What stories are told of Hephaestus? 
He is called the son of Zeus and Hera, but 

sometimes of Hera only. His ugliness, it is said, 
so displeased his mother, that she wished to cast 
him out of Olympus; and when afterwards he 
took her part in a quarrel, Zeus hurled him down 
from heaven, and he fell maimed and wounded in 



H£PK£STUS. 47 

liemnos, where he was kindly treated by the 
Sintians. Still he remained the cupbearer of the 
;.ods5 while he also forged afmour and weapons. 
Thus when the armour of Achilles had been taken 
by Hector from the body of Patroclus, Hephaestus 
at the prayer of Thetis, made a new suit, which 
shone like the burnished sun and bore him aloft 
like a bird upon the wing. 

(182) Who was the wife of Hephaestus ? 

In some versions Aphrodite, in others Charis, 
and in others again Aglaia, — all three meaning 
that the flame of fire is akin to the brightness of 
the sun's light. 

(183) Is Hephaestus found in the traditions of 
other nations beside the Greeks ? 

Not under this name. By the Latins and 
Romans of later times he was known as Vulcan. 
In the Vedic poems he is called Agni, which is the 
same as the Latin word Ignis, fire. 

(184) In these traditions is he described in 
the same way ? 

In this and in other legends the Latins seem 
to have borrowed many of the Greek notions ; but 
the Hindu poets dwelt rather on the strength of 
the newly kindled flame than on its puniness, for, 
instead of saying as we do, that fire burns and 
the wood smokes, they said, * Neighing like a horse 



4B MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

that is greedy for food, it steps out from t 
strong prison ; then the wind blows after his blai 
and the path of Agni is dark at once.' 

(185) Is the same idea found in the mytholof 
of northern Europe ? 

Yes. In the story of Sigurd, who is the Achillt 
or Perseus of Norse legends, Begin, the smith < 
Hialprek, king of Denmark, answers precisely \ 
Hephaestus, like whom he forges weapons whic 
no enemy can withstand. 



PHOSBUS APOLLO. 

(186) Who was Phoebus Apollo ? 
A son of Zeus and Leto. 

(187) Why was he so named ? 

He was called Phoebus, as being the god o 
light, and Apollo, a name explained by some a 
meaning the destroyer, because the sun's rayf 
when powerful, can destroy the life of animal 
and plants. 

(188) Is Phoebus then only a name for the sun 
It was nothing more at first ; but in later time 

he was regarded as the god of light, who was no 
confined to his habitation in the sun. This wa 
reserved for Helios, who stands to Phoebus in th< 
relation of Nereus to Poseidon. 



PHOEBUS APOLLO. 49 

189) Why is Phoebus described as a son of 
LS and Leto ? 

le is called son of Zeus because the sun, like 
ena or the dawn, springs in the morning from 
sky ; and son of Leto because the night, as 
Qg before his rising, may be considered as the 
bher of the sun. 

190) Does the name Leto reappear in any 
er form? 

t is the same word as Lethe, the river which 
de men forget the past, and Latmos, the land 
shadows, in which Endymion sleeps. The 
le root is seen also in the name of Leda, 
mother of the twin Dioscuri. 

191) What is the story of his birth ? 

'.t is said that Leto wandered through many 
ds, seeking in vain foraresting-place,and that at 
b she came to Delos, and said that, if she could 
jre have shelter, it should become glorious as the 
th-place of Phoebus, and that men should come 
m all parts to enrich his holy temple with 
sir gifts. Here, then, Phoebus was bom, and 
his birth the earth laughed beneath the smile 
heaven, and Delos, though in itself a hard and 
)ny land, covered itself with golden flowers, 
tie nymphs wrapped him in a spotless robe, and 
lien Themis fed him with nectar and ^?cfifcto^\^, 

£ 



50 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

the child took harp in hand, and proclaimed his 
office of declaring the will of Zeus to men.* 

(192) Why is he said to be bom in Delos ? 
Because Delos means the bright land. 

(193) Do all the stories say that he was bom 
in Delos ? 

No. He is called Lykegenes, as having been 
born in Lycia ; and in some versions, Ortygia is 
mentioned as the birth-place both of Phcebus and 
of his sister. Artemis. 

(194) Where are Lycia and Ortygia ? 

There was a Lycia in Asia, and fin Ortygia near 
Ephesus, as well as in Sicily ; but the Lyda and 
Ortygia of these legends must be sought in the 
beautiful Cloudland. 

(195) What is the meaning of the names? 
Lycia is a word which, like Delos, means the 

land of light, and reappears in the Latin words, 
lux, light, luceo, to shiney and Lucna or Luna, tii« 
moon. Ortygia is the land of the quail, which 
was said to be the earliest bird of spring ; hence 
the quail-land became a name for the East where 
the sun rises. 

(196) Did Phoebus remain long in Delos ? 
No. He soon left it to find his way westward 

to Pytho or Delphi. 

> The Delian Apollo,' Gods and Heroes, p. 110. 






PHCEBUS APOLLO. 51 

(197) Why did he so soon leave his birth- 
>lace ? 

Because the sun cannot linger in the east 
vhen he is risen ; and so the poets sang how 
VpoUo went from land to land, and how he loved 
he tall sea cliffs and every jutting headland and 
;he rivers which hasten to the broad sea, although 
le came back with ever fresh delight to his native 
[)elo8, as the sun reappears morning after morn- 
ng, glorious as ever, in the east. 

(198) What change came over him soon after 
lis birth ? 

At first he was swathed in golden bands, which 
lenote the mild and gentle light of the newly 
isen sun ; but presently he became the Chrysaor, 
)r god of the golden sword, and his quiver was 
illed with arrows which never miss their mark. 

(199) Are these irresistible weapons given to 
)ther mythical heroes ? 

Yes. To Perseus, Theseus, Bellerophon, He- 
•acles, Philoctetes, Achilles, Odysseus, Meleagros, 
Jigurd, Rustem, and many others. 

(200) What are the incidents of Apollo's jour- 
ley to the Western Pytho ? 

Passing through many lands, he came to the 
buntain of Telphusa, where he wished to build 
limself a home ; but Telphusa, saying \Xi^\» \ieK 

E 2 



53 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

broad plain could give him no peaceful abodes 
urged him to go on to the more favoured land 
of Crisa. So Phoebus went on, and coming to 
Crisa, built himself a shrine beneath Mount Par- 
nassus, and there slew the great dragon Pythoo, 
who nursed Typhaon, the child of Hera. 

(201) What is this Python ? 

It is the great dragon or snake which appears 
in all solar legends. It is the Vritra of the Indian 
tale, the Echidna of the story of Heracles, the 
Sphinx in that of (Edipus, and the dragon Fafiiir 
of the glistening heath in the tale of Sigurd. 

(202) Was the temple which Phoebus is said 
to have built at Delphi celebrated in after-times ? 

It was the greatest of all the oracles in Greece, 
and its fame was extended through all lands. 
When Xerxes invaded Grreece, the force which he 
sent to plunder the sanctuary at Delphi is said to 
have been smitten by Phoebus Apollo who hurled 
on them great rocks torn from the summit of 
Parnassus. 

(203) Who were the priests of this temple ? 
They are said to have been Cretans, whose ship 

Apollo, in the form of a glistening dolphin, guided 

round the Peloponnesus to the shores of Crisa, 

where the god came forth from the sea like a star, 

and SUed the heavens witli the brightness of his 



PHCEBUS APOLLO. 53 

ry. Then having kindled on his altar the un- 
ng fire, he taught the Cretans the sacred rites 
his worship, and charged them to deal truly 
i righteously with all who came with their 
wrings to his sanctuary.^ 

204) What other acts are attributed to Phoebus? 
He is said to have been a lover of Daphne, 
0, to escape his pursuit, plunged into the 
ters of Peneius, her father.^ 

205) What is the meaning of this tale ? 

rhat Phoebus, as the sun-god, is a lover of the 
vn, who is variously called Ahana, Dahana, 
lena, and Daphne. The vanishing of Daphne 
the stream is the disappearance of Eurydike 
irydice) when Orpheus turns round too soon to 
k on her. 

206) Are any more stories of this kind told 
►ut him ? 

le is said to have won the love of Coronis,^ 
mother of his son Asklepios (iEsculapius), and 
lave deserted her as Heracles leaves lole, and 
•is and Sigurd forsake (Enone and Brynhild. 

207) How are these desertions to be explained? 
LS the sun, who may not tarry in his journey, 

1 * The Pythian Apollo/ Gods and Heroes, p. 112. 

2 • Daphne,' ibid. p. 107. 

» Tales of Thebes and Argos, p. 186. 



54 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOaT. 

may be said to forsake the fair and gentle dawn 
for the garish and flaunting noon-day, so all tiie 
gods or heroes whose names were at first only 
names for the sun are described as abandoning 
those to whom they had given their first love. 

(208) Is Apollo presented to us in any other 
aspects ? 

Yes; like Heracles, Perseus, and Bellerophon, 
he is compelled to toil for others without a re- 
compense, as the sun was said to toil for the 
children of men against their will. Thus he has 
to serve for a year in the house of king Admetos. 

(209) Why is he called the father of Asklepios 
(iEsculapius) ? 

Because the sun's warmth can ward off diseases, 
or lessen pain and suffering, as well as inflict 
them. 

(210) By what other names is Apollo known? 
He is called Hecatos and Hecaergos — names 

which signify the action of the sun's rays at a dis- 
tance from the sun itself. 

(211) Are these names given to any other 
besides Phoebus ? 

Yes; Hecate, the moon, anwers to Hecate?, 
just as Telephassa answers to Telephos. 

(212) Why is Apollo called the god of pro- 
phecy and wisdom ? 



PH(EBUS APOLLO. 55 

i| As the rays of Helios penetrate all space and 
spy out all hidden things, the idea of wisdom was 
early connected with the name of the sun-god. 
Thus Apollo is said to know the mind of Zeus 
more intimately than any other of the gods, and 
although he may impart many secrets, there are 
others which he must never reveal. 

(213) Is he not also called the God of song 
and music? 

Yes ; hut in the earliest form of the legend, 
he is said to have acquired those gifts from Her- 
mes, to whom they belonged by birthright. 

C214) Was the worship of Apollo common 
among the Greeks ? 

It was most widely spread, and had the greatest 
influence in forming the Greek character. Under 
the shadow of his temple at Delphi, the Am- 
phictyonic council, the great religious association 
of the Greeks, held their meetings; and the 
answers given by the Delphian priestess are said 
to have .changed more than once the current 
of Greek history. 



56 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOQT. 



ARTEMIS. 

(215) Who was Artemis ? 

A sister of Phoebus Apollo — according to some 
legends a twin sister, while according to others 
she was born before him. 

(216) How is she described ? 

As possessing almost all the powers of her 
brother, and exhibiting all his qualities. Thus, 
like him, she heals diseases and sends plagues, 
and like him, she shoots arrows which never miss 
their mark. 

(217) What are the events in her history? 
Properly speaking, Artemis has no mythical 

history, although she is concerned in the fortunes 
of others. Thus she gives to Procris her hound 
and her resistless spear, and she heals iEneas when 
wounded in the Trojan war. She also sends the 
Calydonian boar as a requital for some affront 
which had been passed on her ; and for the same 
reason she insists on the sacrifice of Iphigeneia, 
the daughter of Agamemnon. 

(218) What is the peculiarity of these tales? 
That Atalanta, the maiden who first smites the 

Calydonian boar, is a counterpart of the virgin 
goddess, and that Iphigeneia., lasu^rci^ \iee\i rea- 



HEBHES. 67 

i from her doom, became a priestess in one 
ler temples, and was, in some places, wor- 
>ped as Artemis. 

219) What was the birthplace of Artemis ? 
jOL some stories, Delos; in others, Ortygia — 
nes which enter into the legends of Phoebus. 
^220) Was the idea attached to the name 
temis everywhere the same ? 
No: the idea of the Greek Artemis differs 
)m that of the Ephesian Artemis, as much 
the Syrian Adonis differs from the Greek 
jhilles. 



HERMES. 

(221) What is the story of the birth of Hermes? 
This son of Zeus and Maia is said to have been 
>m early in the morning in a cave of the Kylle- 
an hill, and to have slumbered peacefully in 
8 cradle for two or three hours, when stepping 
rth from the cave, he found a tortoise which he 
lied, and with its shell he made a lyre by fas- 
ning sheepgut cords across it.^ 



1 ( 



Hermes/ Thebes and Argos, p. 15^. 



58 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOaT. 

(222) Wl)at was his first exploit after making 
his lyre? 

As the sun was going down he came to tbe 
Pierian hills, where the cattle of Phoebus were 
feeding, and made ready to drive them back to 
Kyllene. Fearing that the tracks of the beasts 
on the sand might betray his theft, he drove them 
round about by crooked paths, so as to make it 
appear that they were going to the place from 
which they had been stolen, and his own feet he 
covered with tamarisk and myrtle leaves. As he 
passed, he saw an old man at work in a vineyard 
near Onchestos, and whispered into his ear a 
warning that he should take care not to remember 
too much of what he had seen. When the next 
morning dawned he had reached the stream of 
Alpheius, and there gathering logs of wood, he 
rubbed the pieces together till they burst into a 
flame. This was the first flame kindled on the 
earth, and so Hermes is called the giver of fire to 
mortal men. 

(223) How does the tale go on? 

Hermes took two of the herd, and cut up their 
flesh into twelve portions, but he eat not the 
roasted meat, although he was sorely pressed by 
hunger. Then quenching the fire, be trampled 
down the ashes with all hia mi^ht, and hastening 



HEBMES. 59 

to Kyllene, darted into the cave through the 
rbole of the door as softly as a summer breeze, 
1 there lay like a babe, playing among the 
,dleclothes with one hand, while his right hand 
Id the tortoise lyre hidden beneath them. 
(224) Was the theft discovered? 
When the morning dawned, Phoebus, coming 
Onchestos, saw that his herds had been stolen, 
eeting the old man at work in the vineyard, he 
ked if he knew who had taken them ; but the 
an remembered the warning of Hermes, and 
►uld remember only that he had seen cattle 
oving, and a babe walking near them. 

(225) What did Phoebus do on hearing this? 
Wrapped in a purple mist he went to beautiful 
ylos, and there came on the confused cattle 
acks which he followed to the cave of Maia. 
ntering it, he found the babe, Hermes, asleep, 
id roughly waking him, demanded his cattle, 
he child pleaded his infancy. A babe of a day 
id cannot steal cattle, or even know what sort of 
lings cows are. As Hermes gave this answer, 
is eyes winked slily, and he made a long soft 
histling sound as if the words of Phoebus had 
lightily amused him. 

(226) Did Phoebus take this excuse? 

No. He caught up the child in hAa ^T£i^\ \i\i^ 



60 MANUAL OP MTTHOLOGT. 

Hermes made so loud a noise that he quickly let 
him fall. Phoebus, taking this as a sign that he 
should find his cows, told Hermes to lead the way. 
Then Hermes, starting up in fear, pulled the 
cradleclothes over his ears, and reproached Apollo 
for his cruelty. 'I know nothing of cows,' he 
said, *but their name. Zeus must decide the 
quarrel between us.' 

(227) What was the judgment of Zeus? 
When he had heard the complaint of Apollo, 

and listened to Hermes, who, winking his eyes and 
holding the clothes to his shoulders, protested that 
he knew not how to tell a lie, and that he could 
but play like other babes in his cradle, Zeus 
laughed, and bade Phoebus and the child be friends. 
Zeus then bowed his head. At that sign Hermes 
dared not disobey, and hastening to the banks of 
Alpheius, he brought out the cattle from the folds 
where he had penned them. 

(228) Was the quarrel here ended? 

No. Just at this moment Phcebus saw the spot 
where the fire had been kindled and the hides and 
bones of the slaughtered cattle, and wondering 
how a baby could flay whole cows, he seized him 
again, and bound him with willow bands, which 
the child tore from his body like flax. Hermes, 
in his terror, thought upon his tortoise lyre, and 



HERMES. 61 

called forth from it music so soft and soothing 
that Apollo, forgetting his anger, besought Hermes 
to teach him his wonderful art. 

(229) Did Hermes agree to this ? 

Yes. Hermes too envied the wisdom and 
hidden knowledge of Apollo, for Phoebus can see 
all things, even to the lowest depths of the green 
sea; and in return for this wisdom he promised to 
give him the lyre, which can discourse sweetly of 
all things and drive away all care and sorrow. 
* Take it/ he said, ' for you know how to use it ; 
but to those who touch it, not knowing how to 
draw forth its speech, it will babble strange non- 
sense, and rave with uncertain moanings.' 

(230) Was this exchange made ? 

Only in part. It was not in the power of 
Phoebus to reveal the hidden secrets of years, but 
all that he could give to Hermes he gave. In his 
hands he placed a glittering scourge, and giving 
him charge over all his flocks and herds, bade 
him visit in their hidden dells and caves the 
hoary-headed Thriae, which should teach him 
secrets hidden from all mortal men. In return 
for this Hermes promised never to hurt the 
temple of Phoebus at Delphi. 

(231) Is it possible to explain this strange 
story ? 



62 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOaT. 

On comparing it with the old Hindu or Vedic 
tales, we find that the name Hermes belongs to 
the same root with that of Sarama; and thai 
Sarama is the dawn, as it creeps through the sky, 
peering about after the bright cows (the clouds) 
which have been stolen by the night, and hidden 
in its secret caves. 

(232) Is this name Sarama found in any othef 
forms ? 

Yes. It is proved to be the same name as Hdeh 
whom Paris stole from Sparta. It comes from a root 
aar^ which means to creep, and it reappears in 
the names Erinys (the Vedic Saranyu), and Sar- 
pedon, the son of Zeus, as well as in our word 
serpent^ a creeping thing. 

(233) But how does the idea of Sarama, or the 
Bawn, lead to that of the Greek Hermes ? 

In the hymns, Sarama, when seeking after the 
cows, is said to go across the heavens with a soft 
breeze. She thus represents the morning with 
the soft breath of summer winds whispering round 
her as she moves onwards. In the minds of the 
Greeks, this idea of the breeze gradually shut out 
the idea of the morning, and so Hermes came to 
represent the wind, or air in motion. 

(234) Does this explain the story of Hermes ? 
Yes; even to its most minute features. The 



HEBMES. 63 

nd which whispers softly at its first rising, 
a.y freshen to a gale before it is an hour old, and 
'eep before it the clouds big with the rain that 
to refresh the earth. It pries unseen into 
des and crannies, it sweeps round dark corners, 
plunges into glens and caves ; and when people 
me out to see what mischief it has done, they 
jar its mocking laughter as it hastens on its 

(235) Whence comes the wit and humour of 
e tale? 

In one sense, it was ready-made to the hands of 
e old Greek poets ; but this may be said of 
-erything that has ever been done by man. We 
) but find out the things that exist ; but only 
ley who search patiently and truthfully can find 
.em out; and the wit of the tale of Hermes 
>rang from this careful noting down of the varying 
jtion of the wind. 

(236) Is any one else said to have been the 
•st to give fire to men ? 

Yes. Prometheus and Phoroneus. But Phoro- 
5us, the Indian Bhuranyu, is only another name 
r fire ; and the story of Prometheus relates to 
•e brought down from Heaven, while the fire 
ndled by Hermes is the fire produced in forests 
r the rubbing of branches in a high, ^vtid. 



64 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(237) Why does not Hermes eat of the meat 
roasted by the fire which he has kindled ? 

Because, though the wind may cause the flame^ 
it cannot itself consume that which the fin 
devours. 

(238) What is the return of Hermes to to 
cave in which he was bom? 

The dying down of the storm, imtil at last it u 
lulled to sleep. 

(239) To what does the defence of Hermes 
point? 

To the seeming helplessness of the soft breeze, 
which, as we might fancy, could never grow into 
a hurricane. 

(240) How are we to explain the noise made 
by Hermes when Apollo seizes him in his arms? 

It is a momentary blast of wind, which dies 
away as suddenly as it came. 

(241) What is the music of Hermes? 

The melody of the winds, which can awake 
feelings of joy and sorrow, of regret and yearning, 
of fear and hope, of vehement gladness or utter 
despair. 

(242) Why does Phoebus refuse to impart his 
wisdom to Hermes ? 

Because the rays of the sun can go down far 
beneath the surface of the sea, and shoot out 



HEBHES. 65 

rough the vast expanse of heaven, where the 
eath of the wind can never be felt 

(^243) What powers does Phoebus give him 

return for his lyre ? 

He is made the guardian of the steeds of the 
on, and receives a scourge with which to drive 
lem. In other words, the bright clouds must 
lOve across the sky when the wind drives them. 
[e is also told that his music shall cheer and 
)othe the children of men, and that his breath 
lall waft the spirits of the dead to their unseen 
ome. 

(244) What is the title of Hermes as the guide 
f the dead to the land of Hades ? 

He is the Psychopompos, the leader of souls. 

(245) Has he any other oflBce ? 

He is the messenger of the gods, and especially 
f Zeus. 

(246) Why is Hermes bidden to go to the 
'hrise for wisdom ? 

Because we may speak of the wind when it 
ierces into caves and glens and all secret places, 
s seeking to discover the hidden treasures of the 
arth, and to gain a knowledge to which man can 
ever attain. 

(247) Is Hermes, then, always the friend of 
aan? 



66 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

No. The poet ends the Homeric hym 
saying that his kindness to men is not eqn 
his love for the Sun, and that he has a yi 
doing them mischief while they sleep. 

(248) How is this to be explained ? 

Of sudden storms which may rise during 
night; and as the mischief so done is wrc 
against their will, Hermes is called a thief 
the prince of thieves, and Apollo foresees th; 
will break into many a house and set ma 
herdsman grieving for his cattle, to the ei 
time. 

(249) How is Hermes commonly represen 
With a staff in his hand, as the messeng 

the gods and the guide of the dead, and 
golden sandals which bear him as swiftly as a 
through the heavens. These sandals were p 
on the feet of Perseus, before he set out oi 
journey to slay the Gorgon Medusa. 



DIONYSUS. 



(250) Who was Dionysus ? 

The god of the vine and its fruits. 

(251) Whose son was he said to be? 
There is an almost endless number of ver 



DIONYSUS. 67 

For every incident in the history of this god. 
Some call him a son of Zeus and Demeter, or lo, 
or Bione. Others make him a son of Ammon 
and Amaltheia, the nurse of Zeus in the cave of 
Dicte. But the most popular version was that 
which made him a son of Zeus and Semele^ the 
daughter of Cadmus, king of Thehes. 

(252) Is there more than one story ahout his 
birth? 

Yes. One tale relates that Cadmus, on learn- 
ing ihskt his daughter had become the mother 
of Dionysus, put her and her child in a chest, 
which the sea cast up on the shores of Brasise ; 
Semele was taken up dead, but the babe was 
rescued and nourished by Ino, This incident is 
repeated in the story of Perseus and DanaS. 

(253) What other account is given of his 
birth? 

It is said that Hera, being jealous of Semele, 
tempted her to her ruin. Semele, thus urged, 
asked Zeus to visit her in his Olympian splendour, 
and was scorched by the lightnings as he ap- 
proached. In the midst of the blazing thunder- 
bolts Dionysus was born, and Semele departed for 
a long sojourn in the land of Hades.' 

(254) Where was Dionysus brought up ? 

* * Semele/ Gods and HexoeSfi^* \ft% 

V 2 



68 MANUAL OF IfTTHOLOGT. 

Some say in Nazos; others on mount Nysa; 
but there were several mountaiDS of this name, 
as there was more than one Ortygia and river 
Triton, where Phoebus and Athena were said to 
have been bom, 

(255) What was the career of Dionysus? 
Like Heracles, Perseus, Theseus, and all other 

heroes, he had to pass through a time of grievous 
toil and danger, before he attained to fame and 
glory. 

(256) How were these hard tasks brought to 
an end? 

Dionysus, it is said, resolved to leave Orchomenos, 
where he had spent his youth, and having journeyed 
to the sea, he stood on a jutting rock, where his 
dark locks streamed over his shoulders and his 
purple robe rustled in the breeze. The splendour 
of his form caught the eyes of some Tyrrhenians 
who were sailing by. Leaving their vessel, they 
came to the rock, and seizing Dionysus, bound him 
with strong withy bands, which fell from him like 
leaves from a tree in autumn. In vain the helms- 
man warned them to have nothing to do with one 
who belonged to the race of the undying gods; 
but as they sailed away with Dionysus, suddenly 
there ran over the deck a stream of purple wine, 
and a fragrance as of a heavenly banquet filled the 



DIONYSUS. 69 

tir. Over the masts and sailyards a vine clam- 
bered ; round the tackling tangled masses of ivy 
vera mingled with bunches of glistening grapes, 
ind bright garlands shone like jewels on every 
)arpin.^ 

(257) What followed these wonders ? 

The sailors, smitten with fear, crowded round 
ihe helmsman, when suddenly a loud roar was 
leard, and a tawny lion and a grisly bear stood 
Touting them. The men leaped over the ship's 
jide, and were changed into dolphins; and 
Dionysus, once more taking his human form, 
•ewarded the helmsman for his kindness, and 
wrought a north wind which carried the ship to 
he land of Egypt, where Proteus was king. 

(258) Did Dionysus remain long in Egypt? 
No. He journeyed now through many lands ; 

hrough Ethiopia and India, and other countries, 
bllowed everywhere by crowds of women, who 
worshipped him with wild cries and songs. At 
ast he returned to Thebes, where Cadmus had 
Qade his son Pentheus king. 

(259) How was Dionysus received by Pentheus? 
With great suspicion, on account of the strange 

ites which he taught to the women, and the 
renzy with which he inspired them. 

' *Dionys(fs/ Thebes and Aigoa, -5. 1%\» 



70 KITTAL or XTZHOLOCrT. 

(260) Did Pentheos succeed in curing their 
madneflB? 

No. Climbing into a tree to aee their Qigio^ 
he was discovered by the woma:!, who tore him to 
pieces, his own mother, Agav^ being the fint 
to lay hands on him.* 

(261) What other acts are recorded of DionysoB? 
He is said to hare brought back Semel£ from 

Hadesy and to have led her to Olympus, where she 
was known under the name Thyon& 



HERACLES. 



(262) Who was Heracles? 
A son of Zeus and Alcm§n& 

(263) How may his life be generally described? 
As a long servitude to a master meaner and 

weaker than himself, and as one contiQued sacrifice 
of himself for the good of others. 

(264) What is his chief characteristic? 

An irresistible bodily strength which is always 
used to liolp the weak and suffering, and for the 
destruction of all noxious things. 

(265) What is the meaning of the name ? 
Like that of Hera, it signifies a solar deity. 

' 'Pontheus,' Goda and Hei^ea, -5. 171. 



HERACLES. 71 

(266) How came it to pass that Heracles should 
be the servant of an unworthy master ? 

Zeus, it is said, boasted to Hera on the day on 
which Heracles was bom that the child then to be 
bom of the family of Perseus should be the 
mightiest of men. Hera, learning this, caused 
Eurystheus to be born before Heracles. 

(267) What was the origin of this tale ? 

It spmng from old phrases which had spoken of 
the sun as toiling for so poor and weak a creature 
as man. 

(268) Is the life of Heracles, then, only a 
summary of the daily or yearly course of the sun ? 

Yes. Every feature of the many legends con- 
nected with his name may be traced back to 
phrases which spoke of the sun as bom to a life 
of toil, as entering on his weary tasks after a brief 
but happy infancy, and as sinking finally to his 
rest after a fierce battle with the clouds which had 
hindered his journey. 

(269) When did the labours of Heracles begin ? 
They may be said to have begun in his cradle. 

The toils known, as the twelve labours of Heracles 
are assigned to later periods of life. But this 
number was fixed upon by the poets of a com- 
paratively late age, who collected many local 
traditions, some -based on factB) ^Tti<& Y^\€v:^ 



72 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

fictitious^ and ascribed them all to Heracles. 
The Homeric poets make no attempt to classify 
his toils or his exploits. 

(270) What is recorded of the infancy of 
Heracles ? 

It is said that as he lay sleeping in his cradle 
two snakes coiled themselves aroimd him, and 
that the child on waking placed his hands roand 
their necks and gradually tightened his grasp until 
they fell dead upon the ground.^ 

(271) What are these serpents? 

They are the serpents of the night, or of dark- 
ness^ on which the sun may be said to lay his 
hands when he rises^ and which he slays as he 
climbs higher into the heavens. 

(272) In what country was Heracles born? 
In Argos. 

(273) Why was he born there ? 

Because Argos is a word signifying brightness. 
Argos therefore is the same as Delos and Ortygia, 
the birthplace of Phoebus and his sister Artemis. 

(274) By whom was Heracles taught ? 
By the wise centaur Cheiron. 

(275) Who were the Centaurs ? 

Beings with the head of a man joined to the 
body of a horse. 

' ' The toils of Heracles,' Gods and Heroes, p. 129. 



HERACLES. 73 

(276) Whence came this notion ? 
Apparently from the Indian phrases which 

spoke of the Grandharvas, or bright clouds, as 
riding along the sky. 

(277) How was the legend of Heracles treated 
by the sophist Prodicus ? 

As illustrating the victory of righteousness 
over iniquity. 

(278) How does he show this? 

He represents Heracles as accosted by two 
maidens, one clad in a seemly robe of pure white, 
the other scantily clothed and with a flushed face 
and restless eyes. The latter, who is called Kakia, 
or Vice, tempts him with the offer of ease and 
pleasures ; the other (Arete, or Virtue) bids him 
toil manfully for a future and perhaps distant 
recompense. Heracles follows the counsel of 
Aret^, and begins his toils with a brave heart. 

(279) What maiden is said to have won the 
jTOuthful love of Heracles ? 

lolS, the daiighter of Eurytus, king of CEchalia ; 
buj from her he was soon parted. 

(280) Why? 

Because all the heroes who represent the sun 
=ure always parted from, their first love, just as the 
mn leaves the beautiful dawn behind him as he 
rises higher into the heaven. 



74 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

(281) What is the meaning of the name I0I6? 
It signifies the violet colour, and points to the 

violet-coloured clouds which are seen only at sun- 
rise or sunset. 

(282) Does this name appear in other legends? 
Yes. In the forms of lamos, lolaos, and locasta 

(283) Mention some of the chief exploits of 
Heracles. 

He is said to have smitten the hundred-headed 
Hydra or watersnake of the lake of Lerna, tiie 
wild boar of Erymanthus and the Harpies of thd 
swamps of Stymphalus. 

(284) Do these exploits resemble those of other 
heroes ? 

Yes. They merely reproduce the slaying of 
Python by Phoebus, of Fafnir by Sigurd, of the 
Sphinx by QEdipus, of the Libyan dragon by 
Perseus, of the Minotaur by Theseus, and of 
Vritra by Indra. 

(285) What other deeds are recorded of him? 
The gathering of the golden apples from the 

gardens of the Hesperides ; in other words, the 
golden coloured clouds which are grouped round 
the sun as he sinks in the western sky. 

(286) What followed these great exploits? 
He married Deianeira, the daughter of (Eneus, 

chief of Calydon, 



i 



HERACLES. 75 

(287) In what relation does Deianeira stand to 
le? 

In that of Helen to (Enone, in the story of 
aris. In the same way Sigurd marries Gudrun 
Eler forsaking Brynhild; and Achilles, Odysseus, 
heseus and Kephalos are likewise parted from or 
bandon the women to whom they had plighted 
leir troth. 

(288) Did Heracles remain with Deianeira 
uring the rest of his life ? 

No. One day he smote Eunomns, the son of 
Eneus with his unerring spear, and then he could 
5 longer be restrained from pursuing his west- 
ard journey. 

(289) Is the slaying of Eunomus like any inci- 
3nt in other tales ? 

It is only another form of the story which re- 
resents Tantalus as slaying his own son. 

(290) Did Deianeira leave her home with 
ieracles ? 

Yes. She went with him as far as Trachis, 
iving received on the way from the centaur 
essus (whom Heracles slew) a shell filled with 
s blood. 

(291) What was the object of this gift ? 
Nessus said that by spreading it on a robe for 



76 MANUAL OF HYTHOLOGT. 

Heracles to wear^ she might at any time regain 
his love if she should happen to lose it. 

(292) Did this come about ? 

Deianeira thought so: for, as she abode at 
Trachis, she heard of the capture of (Echalia lij 
Heracles, and that he was bringing back with him 
the lovely maiden I0I6. She therefore sent him 
the robe anointed with the blood of Nessus. 

(293) Did Heracles put it on ? 

Yes. The messenger found him on the poinfe 
of offering sacrifice ; and Heracles put on the 
garment, which speedily burnt into his flesh, aad 
made his blood rush in streams over the ground. 
Heracles bade them carry him to the top of 
Mount (Eta, and there in the midst of a thund^ 
storm he died, gazing on lole who stood weeping 
by his side. 

(294) What is the meaning of this scene ? 

It is the last incident in what has been called 
the Tragedy of Nature, — the battle of the sun with 
the clouds which gather round him like mortal 
enemies, at his setting. As he sinks, the fieiy 
mists embrace him, and the purple vapours rush 
across the sky, like the streams of blood which 
gush from the hero's body, while the violet- 
coloured evening clouds seem to cheer him in his 
^ji^g agony. 



HEBAOLES. 77 

^295) What are the weapons of Heracles ? 
Ele uses sometimes a club, sometimes a spear, 
i sometimes poisoned arrows, 

(296) Did the Greeks ever use poisoned arrows? 
There is no evidence whatever of their ever 
.ving done so. 

(297) Do any other mythical heroes use such 
japons ? 

Yes ; Philoctetes and Odysseus. 

(298) How came such unmanly modes of war- 
re to be attributed by the Greeks to their 
eatest heroes ? 

Because the word tos, a spear, is the same in 
and as the word ios^ poison. Hence the two 
eas were mingled together, and it was said that 
elios, Heracles, and other heroes fought with 
isoned arrows or lances. 

(299) Were the wanderings of Heracles con- 
led to Greece ? 

No. He journeys over the whole world, but, 
:e the sun, moves always from east to west. 

(300) Is the character of Heracles simply one 
self-sacrifice or self-devotion ? 

No. If the sun may be spoken of as toiling for 
tiers, he may also be spoken of as enjoying in 
ery land the fruits which he has ripened. Hence 
3racles became a person fond of eating and 



78 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

drinking : and thus when in the house of Admett 
he learns that his host has just lost his mfe, h 
regards this as no reason why he should lose U 
dinner. The same burlesque spirit marks tb 
conflict .with Thanatos (or death), in which Htfft 
cles rescues Alkestis (Alcestis) from his grasp. 

(301) What is the story of Hei-acles m 
Echidna ? 

Wandering in Scythia, he is said to have me 
Echidna, who kept him in her cave for some tiiDi 
before she would let him depart* 

(302) Does this story resemble any other ? 
It has no features peculiar to itself. Herack 

comes to her abode searching for his cattle whic 
have been stolen, just as Phoebus searches for th 
cows stolen by Hermes, or as Indra seeks for ti 
cows stolen by the Panis. The gloomy land i 
which the Echidna dwells, is simply the dreai 
country of the Graiae which Perseus enters in h 
search for Medusa. The detention of Heracles : 
her cave denotes simply the time which pass 
between the setting of the sun and his risin 
When he leaves Echidna, he gives her weapo: 
which she is to yield up only to him who is al 
to use them, — an incident which is repeated pi 
cisely in the legends of Theseus and Sigurd. 

(303) Is Heracles a hero peculiar to Grei 
mjtbology? 



PEBSEUS. 79 

No. Under the same or other names we find 
, hero of this kind in the mythical legends of 
ilmost every country ; but in all we have precisely 
he same kind of incidents, pointing to the old 
>hrase8 which described the course of the sun 
^xom his rising to his setting. 



PERSEUS. 

(304) Who was Perseus? 

The great hero of Argos, and t]he mythical 
bunder of the dynasty of the Perseidae, or chil- 
Iren of Perseus. 

(305) Did Heracles belong to the family of 
Perseus ? 

Yes; his mother Alcmene is described as a 
granddaughter of Perseus. 

(306) Why then has the story of Heracles been 
ecounted before that of Perseus ? 

Because Heracles is a descendant of Perseus 
mly in the mythology of Argos. Each state or 
ity had its own store of traditions, none of which 
igreed on all points with those of other cities; 
jid the legends of Heracles were far more widely 
mown than those of Perseus, and furnished the 



gToundwiHk not oaty Sor Ike kkloij of 
bat for that of hhbj odwr kmok 

(307) liifciBeuitliflliMlliiittlieateiyor 
seas is pnclicdfyar^etitkaiof llni of Hendflil 



(308) Woetbepeoiifeof Aigosttinmoraiifj 
No. BiflEapeneeB in the namai of the plaMJ 

and penoDs mentioned Boffidenttydi^gaifledthftj 
points of agreement ae to make them appear lika 
different tales to dioae who were never led to efr> 
amine them minutely and criticaUy. 

(309) Had eadi citjr its own paiticalar heio? 
Almost all of them had some well known hsn 

as their defender. Thus Theseos at Athens and 
(Edipus at Thebes answered to Perseos at Axgoa 

(310) How were the stories of these heroes re- 
garded by the men of ArgoSyThebes, and Athens? 

As really distinct histories. 

(311) Are they so? 

No : they are only a repetition of the same 
story^ the names of places and persons being 
changed, and some few of tiie incidents altered. 

(312) What is the legend of the birth of Per- 
sens ? 

It is said that Acrisios, king of Argos, was 
warned by the Delphian oracle that if his daughter 
ae had a son, he would be slain by that child. 




PEBSEUS. 81 

hut her up in a dungeon, but Zeus entered 
e form of a golden shower, and Danae be- 
le mother of Perseus. Acrisios then placed 
and her babe in a chest which the waves 
lea carried to the island of Seriphos. There 
h her child was rescued and kindly treated 
:ys, the brother of Polydectes, king of the 

) How did Perseus grow up ? 

I more than human beauty and strength. 

aming eyes and golden hair made him like 

s the lord of light. 

) What was the destined lot of Perseus ? 

of hard toil and terrible danger, to be 
d by a great reward. 
) How were his toils caused ? 
cruel king Polydectes sought to win the 

Danae, and as Danae shrunk from him, 
ctes shut her up in prison, saying that 
)uld never come out of it until Perseus 
t back the head of the Gorgon Medusa. 
) Who was Medusa ? 

of the three Gorgons, the daughters of 
s and Keto. Medusa was mortal, but her 
Stheino and Euruale were immortal. 
) What is the story told about her. 

* * Danae,* Thebes and AigOB, p. \^^. 

a 



8S 



XAinTAL or KXTHOIOOT. 



She is said to have li^ed with her listen in Ae 
distant west, fiEur beyond the gaidens of tfaeHeipe- 
rides, where the son never shonoi aad whgn bo 
living thing was to be seen.. Yearning for hnmaa 
love and sympathy, she visited her ^wfalir tfcs 
Oraiffi, but they wouldgive her no helpb So whei 
Athena came from the Libyan land* Miwlnsa h^ 
sought her aid ; but Athena refused it^ saying.flnl 
men would shrink from the dark eountenanea of 
the Grorgon ; and when Medusa said that in the 
light of the sun her face might be as £ur as fhit 
of Athena^ the goddess in her anger told her fhit 
henceforth all mortal things which might look 
upon her &ce should be turned into stone. Thai 
her countenance was changed, and her hair wai 
turned into snakes which coiled and twisted them- 
selves roimd her temples.^ 

(318) How was Perseus enabled to find the 
home of Medusa, and to slay her ? 

The gods came to his aid. When Perseus slept 
once more upon Argive soil, Athena stood before 
him, and gave him a mirror in which he mij^t see 
the fsuce of Medusa reflected, and thus know 
where to strike, for upon Medusa herself he oould 
not gaze and live. When he awoke, he saw the 
mirror by his side, and knew that it was not a 

' ' Medusa/ Thebea aid Ax^gM, ^ 121. 



PERSEUS. 83 

dream. So with a good hope he journeyed west- 

wards, and on the following night he saw in his 

sleep Hermes, the messenger of the gods, who 

gave him the sword which slays all mortal things 

on which it may fall, and who bade him obtain the 

aid of the Grraise in his further search. When he 

" woke he took up the sword, and went to the land 

of the Graise, where Atlas bears up the pillars of 

the high heaven. There, in a cave, he found the 

three sisters, who had but one eye between them, 

which they passed from one to the other. This 

eye Perseus seized, and thus compelled the Grraige 

to guide him to the dwelling of Medusa. By 

their advice he went to the banks of the ocean 

stream which flows round all the earth, and there 

the nymphs gave him the helmet of Hades, 

which enables the wearer to move unseen, and a 

bag into which he was to put Medusa's head, and 

the golden sandals of Hermes, which should bear 

him swifter than a dream from the pursuit of the 

Gorgon sisters. Thus armed, Perseus drew nigh 

to the dwelling of the Grorgons, and then, while 

the three sisters slept, the unerring sword fell, 

and the woeful life of Medusa was ended.* 

(319) What was the history of Perseus after 
^te death of Medusa ? 

* * Perseus/ Thebes and Argps, p. Wl, 
o2 



84 MANUAL OF XTTHOLOOT. 

When the immortal Gorgons awoke and saw 
their sister slain, tiiey rushed in mad pursuit after 
Perseus ; but with the cap of Hades he went un- 
seen, and the golden sandals bore him like a bird 
through the air. Onward he went until he heard 
a voice asking him whether he had brought with 
him the head of Medusa. It was the voice of the 
old man. Atlas, who bore up tiie pillars of heaven 
on his shoulders, and who longed to be released 
from his fearful labour. On his entreaty, Per- 
seus showed him the Gorgon's face, and his rugged 
limbs soon grew stiff as ridges on a hill side, and 
his streaming hair looked like the snow which 
covers a mountain summit. Thence Perseus rose 
into the land of the Hyperboreans, who know 
neither day nor night, nor storm nor sickness 
nor death, but live joyously among beautiful 
gardens where the flowers never fade away. 

(320) Did Perseus stay long in this happy 
land? 

No ; he remembered his mother Danae, in her 
prison house at Seriphos, and once more, on his 
winged sandals, he flew to the Libyan shore, 
^here on a rock he saw a fair maiden chained, 
while a great dragon approached to devour her. 
But before he seized his prey, the unerring sword 
smote him, and taking off his cap, Perseus stood 



PERSEUS. 85 

before Andromeda ; and soon after there was a 
marriage feast, where the maiden sat as the bride 
of Perseus.* 

(321) What happened at this feast? 
Phineus, who had wished to marry Andromeda, 

reviled Perseus, who, unveiling the Gorgon's 
face, turned Phineus and all his followers into 
stone. 

(322) Did Perseus remain in Libya? 
Kepheus, the father of Andromeda, besought 

him to stay, but he hastened to Seriphos, where 
he delivered his mother Danae from her prison, 
and, with the Gorgon's face, turned into stone 
the tyrant Polydectes. Thus his work was done, 
and Perseus now gave back to Hermes the helmet 
of Hades and the sword and sandals, and Athena 
took the Gorgon's head, and placed it upon her 
segis. 

(323) Did Perseus, then, after all, fulfil the warn- 
ing given by the Delphian oracle to king Acrisios? 

Yes. When, with Danae, he returned to Argos, 
Acrisios in great fear fled away to Larissa, where 
he was received by the chieftain Teutamidas. 
Thither also came Perseus, to take part in the 
great games to be held on the plain before the 
city. In these games Perseus was throughout the 

> 'Andromeda/ Thebes and Argos, :|g. \^\. 



86 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

conqueror ; but while he was throwing quoits, one 
turned aside, and killed Acrisios.^ 

(324) How was the life of Perseus ended? 

Some said that grief at the death he had un- 
wittingly caused led him to yield up to his kinB- 
man Megapenthes the sovereignty of Argos, and 
that he went and died in the city of Tiryns, which 
he had surrounded with huge walls. 

(325) What stories does this legend chiefly 
resemble? 

Those of Heracles, Theseus, Bellerophon, Ke- 
phalos, and (Edipus. 

(326) Is the warning given to Acrisios found 
in other tales ? 

Yes ; Laios is warned at Thebes that he should 
be slain by his son ; Priam, at Troy, is warned 
that his child will bring ruin on Ilion. The same 
warning is given also to the parents of Telephus, 
Cyrus, Eomulus, and many others. 

(327) What follows the warning ? 

The children are exposed, some on a hill side, 
as (Edipus, Paris, and Telephus ; some in chests 
on the sea, as Dionysus and Perseus; or in a 
cradle on a river's bank, as Eomulus. In each 
case they are rescued, and their growth to man- 
hood is generally described in the same way. 

' 'Acrisios/ Thebes and Aigoa, -5. 162. 



PEBSEUS. 87 

(328) What is the golden shower in the prison 
of Danae ? 

The light of mornings which streams in upon 
the darkness of night. 

(329) What is the subjection of Perseus to 
Polydectes ? 

Another form of the subjection of Heracles to 
Eurystheus, of Poseidon to Laomedon, and of 
Apollo to Admetus. 

(330) Who is Polydectes ? 

The same as Polydegmon, or Hades, the king 
of the dark land, who greedily seizes all that 
comes within his grasp. 

(331) What are Medusa and her sisters ? 
Medusa is the starlit night, solemn in its 

beauty, and doomed to die when the sun rises ; 
her sisters represent the absolute darkness which 
it was supposed that the sun could not penetrate. 

(332) What is the journey of Perseus to the 
land of the Graiae? 

The counterpart of the journey of Heracles to 
the land of the Hesperides. 

(333) What are the Graiae? 

They represent the twilight or gloaming ; the 
region of doubtful shadows and dim mists, 

(334) What is the Libyan dragon slain by 
Perseus ? 



89 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

Another form of Python, Fafnir, Vritra, Sphinx, 
and the Ghimsera. 

(335) How does the marriage of Andromeda 
resemble those of other mythical heroines? 

It follows the slaughter of a monster, like that 
of Ariadne, Brynhild, Deianeira, Medeia, Jocasta» 
and others. 

(336) What is the return of Danae to Argos? 
It is the restoration of lole to Heracles, of 

Briseis to Achilles, of Antigone to (Edipus, and 
of Brynhild to Sigurd. 

(337) What is the sword which Perseus 
bears? 

The piercing rays of the sun which is invincible 
in its strength. 

(338) What other mythical beings have these 
irresistible weapons ? 

All those heroes whose lives in other respects 
resemble those of Heracles and Phoebus. Thus 
no others can wield the spear of Achilles or the 
bow of Odysseus ; and the arrows of Heracles and 
Philoctetes are winged with death. 

(339) What is the meaning of the name 
Perseus ? 

It means the destroyer. Many of the heroes 
have names from the monsters which they slay, 
08 Bellerophontes, the slayer of Belleros, and 



THESEUS. 89 

Argeiphontes, the slayer of Argos Panoptes (the 
ill-seeing). 

(340) What do these points of close resemblance 
show us ? 

That Perseus, Bellerophon, Heracles, Theseus, 
A^chilles, Apollo, Odysseus, Sigurd, Eustem, and 
X host of others, are only different forms of one 
^nd the same person, and that the idea of this 
person has grown out of phrases which described 
originally the course of the sun in its daily or 
yearly round. 



THESEUS. 

(341) Who was Theseus ? 

The great hero of Athens, corresponding to 
Perseius at Argos and (Edipus at Thebes. 

(342) Who are his parents? 

His father is ^geus and his mother is ^thra 
(the pure air). 

(343) Where was his youth passed ? 

At Troezen, where he was to remain until he 
should be able to lift a great stone, under which 
his father had placed his sword and sandals.^ 

(344) What are these sandals and this sword ? 

> < Theseus/ Thebes and ATgoB, p. 'li^O. 



90 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOOT 

The sandals are the same as those of Hem 
the sword is that of Apollo Chiysaor, and coi 
spends to the arrows of Phcebns and Odysseus, ; 
the spear of Achilles. 

(345) Is the way in which Theseus has to 
them repeated in any other story? 

Yes; in the story of Heracles and Echic 
and in the tale which afterwards grew up i 
the Lay of the Nibelungs, or children of 
mist (the Nibelimgen Lied). Odin driving 
its hilt in an oak trunk the sword Gram, lei 
it for the man who should be able to draw it < 
It is drawn out by Sigmund, and when aflerwj 
broken, it is forged afresh for Sigurd by Rcj 
the smith, who corresponds to Hephaestus. 

(346) On gaining this sword, what expl 
does Theseus perform ? 

Among other feats, he slays the giant P 
phetes, the robber Sinis, the sow of Crommj 
and the cruel Procrustes, who tortured his 
tims by stretching their limbs until they died. 

(347) Did these exploits save him from furt 
labours ? 

No, Like Perseus and Heracles, Theseuj 
doomed to a life of toil; and from Athens 
was sent with the ship which bore the tril: 
children to be devoured by the Minotauros, 



THESEU8. 91 

(348) What was the Minotauros ? 

A monster in the form of a bull, which was 
said to be born from FasiphaS, the wife of Minos. 

(349) How is this explained ? 

The name PasiphaS denotes *one who gives 
Hght to all;' and the bull in the oldest Vedic 
hymns is constantly mentioned in connexion with 
the sun and the chariot of Indra and Dahansu 
Europa also is borne across the sea on a spotless 
white bull. The distortion of the idea was caused 
by the forgetting that Pasipha^, like Telephassa 
and Argynnis, was only a name for the morning. 

(350) What was the abode of the Minotauros ? 
The labyrinth of Crete. 

(351) What is this labyrinth ? 

It is the same as the bridal chamber which was 
wrought by Odysseus for Penelope. It reappears 
also in the maze of the Hyperborean gardens, 
which the sun lays out for his bride, the dawn. 

(352) How did Theseus fare on his errand ? 
By the help of Ariadne, the daughter of Minos, 

he slew the Minotaur ; just as with the help of 
Medea, Jason slew the fire-breathing bulls of 
Colchis. 

(353) What became of Ariadne ? 

Theseus took her as far as Naxos, and there de- 
serted her; but Dionysus came and iii^aA^ \ife^ 



9S MANUAL OF XTTHOLOCFT. 

his wife^ and placed her abode in the constelh 
tion which is called Ariadne's crown. 

(354) Was Medea also deserted like Ariadne 
Yes ; Jason forsook her to marry Crlauke (tl 

bright one), the daughter of king Creon. Bi 
this desertion is simply the abandonment of lo 
by Heracles, of (Enone by Paris, and of Brynhi 
by Sigurd : and it means only that the sun mi 
not tarry with the dawn in the east. 

(355) What other incidents belong to the li 
of Theseus ? 

Like CEdipus and Perseus, he is said to ha 
been the unwilling cause of his father's death, 
neglecting to draw down the black sail whi 
was spread only for the voyage to Crete. He 
said also to have taken part in the Calydoni 
boar-hunt and in the voyage of the Argonau 
and to have brought up Persephonfe &om Hade 

(356) How was Theseus regarded at Athens 
As the founder of the state, it is said that 

brought all the townships (or demi) of Attica i 
one community, with Athens as their city. 1 
in fact, the Athenians, looking on him as a i 
man, gradually made out his life to have h 
like the life of real men, by leaving out of si 
the marvellous tales which were told about h 
Some even said that the slayer of the Minot 



(EDIPUS. 93 

not the same as the founder of the Athenian 
^Commonwealth ; but they had no more warrant 
Ibr so saying than others had for stripping the 
^ ' •tory of Theseus, the son of -ffithra, of all its won- 
derful incidents. 



(EDEPUS. 

(357) Who was (Edipus ? 

The great hero of Thebes, in Boeotia, corres- 
ponding to Perseus at Argos and to Theseus at 
Athens. 

(358) What is the story of his birth and 
infancy ? 

His father Laios is said to have received from 
the oracle at Delphi the same warning which 
was given to Acrisios. CEdipus was therefore 
exposed immediately after his birth on the side 
of the hill of Kithairon (Cithseron) ; but some said 
that, like Dionysus and Perseus, he was placed in 
a chest, which was cast into the sea. Like them 
he was rescued, and taken to Corinth, where he 
passed as the son of Polybus and Merope.^ 

* *Laio8/ Thebes and Argos, p. ^09. 



94 MA19UAL OF BITTHOLOGY. 

(359) How was the warning of the oracle 
fiUed? 

Journeying from Corinth to Thebee, 
met on the road an old man in a chariot, and 
ordered to get out of the way. On his rei 
the old man struck him, and was instantly slfiil 
by CEdipus. 

(360) In what condition did (Edipus find tto 
Thebans ? ! 

In great distress from drought and sickneaB 
caused by the Sphinx, who, sitting on the brof 
of the hill over the city, uttered dark riddles, 
and who could not be overcome except byoitf 
who should expound them.' 

(361) How did CEdipus save the city ? 

He solved the dark sayings of the Sphinx, wb 
threw herself with a wild roar from the cliffi 
and the parched soil was refreshed with abundas 
rain. 

(362) What was the reward of (Edipus? 

It had been proclaimed that whoever shoul 
deliver the city from the Sphinx should man 
the beautiful locaste, who was the mother * 
QEdipus. 

(363) Did this marriage take place ? 

Yes; for CEdipus knew not who his paren 

* * (EdipuB,* Thebea and Argo8, p. 217. 



(EDIPUS. 95 

vere ; but the Erinysy who takes vengeance for 
Q^mrder, brought a plague on the city for the 
leath of Laios, and the Delphian oracle charged 
them to get rid of the guilty man. When, after 
long search, it turned out that CEdipus had slain 
him^ and that he was married to his own mother, 
tie tore out his eyes, that he might not see the 
tuisery which he had wrought, and locaste died 
in her bridal chamber. 

(364) Was this the end of these terrible evils ? 
No. Ate, who visits the sins of fathers on their 

children, had not yet done her work. CEdipus 
wandered forth from Thebes, a wretched exile, 
ed by his daughter Antigone; and his sons, 
Eteocles and Polyneikes,* quarrelled for the sove- 
•eignty of Thebes, and waged a civil war, in 
vhich they met and slew each other. 

(365) What was the fate of CEdipus ? 
Coming at length to the grove of the Eu- 

nenides, near Athens, he received from Zeus 
mming that his death was near at hand ; and 
ending for Theseus, he told him that Athens 
hould be great and powerful, so long as none 
:new where CEdipus lay buried.^ So, amid the 
[ashing lightnings and the pealing of the thunder, 

* * Poljneikes/ Thebes and Argos, p. 225. 

* * Antigone/ ib. p. 230. 



0« MANUAL OF MTTHOLOaT. 

(Edipus rested from his toil and trouble, cheered 
to the last hour by the tender love of Antigone. 

(366) What is the origin of this story? 

It grew up in part from that idea of toil for 
the benefit of others, which marks the stories of 
Heracles, Perseus, Theseus, Bellerophon, and 
many others, and partly from old phrases which 
had spoken of the sun as having been united in 
the evening to the mother from whom he had 
sprung in the morning. 

(367) Where did the story probably end at 
first? 

With the marriage of (Edipus to locast^, just 
as in the Sanskrit hymns Indra is called the 
husband of the Dawn, and sometimes her son. 

(3G8) How could he be called both her husband 
ind her son ? 

As the dawn comes before the sun rises, India 
would be the child of Dahana : as being seen by 
her side, he might be called her husband. In 
fact, the whole nature of the god)s in these very 
ancient poems is still transparent. * There are no 
genealogies, or settled marriages between the 
gods and goddesses. The father is sometimes the 
son, the brother is the husband, and she, who in 
one hymn is the mother, is in another the wife.' 



(EDIPFS. 97 

(369) How is it that the latter part of the 
story of (Edipus did not grow up in India ? 

Because there the real meaning of such names 
as CEdipus and locaste was not forgotten. But to 
the Greeks, who thought that CEdipus and 
locaste were human beings, the idea of mar- 
riage between them was shocking, and the horrors 
which followed were very naturally invented. 

(370) But (Edipus is described as hurried on 
by a power which he cannot resist. How is 
this ? 

The sun cannot pause in his journey — ^he has 
no free action, and he must be united in the 
evening with the dawn from whom he had been 
parted in the morning. This notion, when ap- 
plied to human actions, grew up into the idea of 
Necessity, called by the Greeks AnankS, or of 
Destiny, which they called Moira. 

(371) What is the meaning of the word Moira? 
It means literally a portion; and in Homer, 

Moira is the being who assigns to men their lot 
in life, strictly under subjection to Zeus. But 
in later poems, she becomes mightier than Zeus 
and all the gods ; and according to some versions 
there were three sisters, called Moerae, or Fates, 
namely, Clotho, she who spins the thread of life, 

H 



98 MAKUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

Lachesis^ she who draws it out as she wills, 
Atropos, the inexorable being who cuts it. 

(372) The deadly quarrels of the sons of (Edi- 
pus are traced to the working of At^. What ifBB 
At6? 

The word means ^Mischievous Folly;' and in 
the Homeric poems AtS is nothing more. As 
such, Zeus hurls her out of heaven for causing 
Eurystheus to be bom before Heracles. But in 
later times, AtS became a fate or doom, resting on 
a house, after the shedding of innocent blood. 

(373) What is locaste ? 

Like lole and lamos, the word denotes the 
violet colour, and meant at first the delicate tints 
of the morning clouds, or of the morning itself. 

(374) What is Laios ? 

Laios represents the darkness from which the 
sun springs, and answers to Leto the mother of 
Phoebus. The word is the same as the Indian 
Dasyu, an enemy, a name frequently applied to 
Vritra, the enemy of Indra. 

C375) What is the meaning of the word 
(Edipus ? 

Some thought that it was taken from words 
which meant *a man with swollen feet;' others 
fancied that it meant Hhe man who knew the 
riddle of the feet,' because the Sphinx is said to 



i 



(EDIFUS. 99 

We asked, 'What creature goes on four feet in 
the morning, on two during the day, and on three 
in the evening?' 

(376) Are either of these notions correct? 
The origin of this name is not known with 

certainty. It may come from the verbs which 
mean to swell or to know; but the two modes 
3f accounting for it just mentioned are fancies of 
i later time. 

(377) What is meant by the exposure of 
Edipus ? 

The notion sprung from a phrase which had 
laid originally, *The rays of the sun at its birth 
'est level on the earth, or on the hill side.' Thus 
?aris is exposed on Ida; but Ida in the old 
i^edic poems is a name of the earth who is called 
he wife of Dyaus or the sky. Ida and Dyaus 
inswer therefore to the Greek Ouranos and Graia. 

(378) What is the Sphinx? 

A creature who imprisons the rain in the clouds, 
ind so causes a drought. 

(379) What is the meaning of the word? 

It means one who binds fast (from the Greek 
7ord sphingo); the Sphinx, therefore, answers 
txactly to Ahi, or Echidna, the throttling serpent 
•f darkness. 

(380) But was not the idea of t\i^ SrjJcisa. 

B 2 



100 XAKUAL OF KTTHOLOOT. 

derived from Egypt; and must not Spiunx 
therefore be an Egyptian word? 

This was the mistaken notion of later timeSi 
The Greeks had the idea and the name of tha 
Sphinx (who was also called Phiz, from a woid 
connected with the Latin iigo, to fix) ages befoie 
Egypt was thrown open to Grreek merchants cr 
travellers. The Grreek Sphinx has the head of a 
woman with the body of a beast, the daws of s 
lion, the wings of a bird, and a serpent's tail, and 
might be represented in any attitude ; but when 
Greeks came into Egypt, and found figures with 
a woman's head joined to a lion's body, they 
called them by the same name, and afterwards 
fancied that they got the idea itself from the 
Egyptians. 

(381) Whence comes the notion of the Sphinx's 
riddle? 

It was suggested by the mutterings and rumb- 
lings of the thunder, which men cannot understand. 

(382) Why should (Edipus understand it? 
Because he has that wisdom of Phcebus (the god 

of light) which Hermes also sought to obtain. 

(383) What is the death of the Sphinx ? 

It is the victory of Indra who smites his 
enemy Vritra, and immediately brings rain on 
the thirsting earth. So the rain pours down on 



(EDIPFS- 101 

Thebes as soon as the Sphinx hurls herself from 
the cliflF. 

(384) Under what forms does the Sphinx appear 
In other stories ? 

As we have seen already, it is the same as the 
Python and Fafnir: and it reappears also in 
Pyphon and Polyphemus. 

(385) Where does CEdipus die? 

In the sacred grove of the Eumenides. 

(386) Who are the Eumenides ? 

The Eumenides (a word which means literally 
'the gentle beings,') are the same as the Erinyes, 
'AUecto, the i/mpldcahle^ Megsera, the envious^ 
md Tisiphone, the avenger of blood\ commonly 
known as the Furies. The name Eumenides was 
used, in order to avert their wrath. 

(387) Does the word Erinys, then, mean a 
Fury? 

No. The name is one which cannot be ex- 
plained in Greek ; but it is the same word as the 
Indian Saranyu, which is a name for the dawn. 

(388) How came the lovely Saranyu, or morn- 
ing, to be changed into the gloomy Erinys of 
the Greek? 

So long as the meaning of the name was re- 
membered, men had said of wicked doers, 
* Saranyu will find out your sm,^ xxieaxixii^ xNi^^ 



lOS ICANUAL OF IfTTHOLOGT. 

the light would discover their wickedness. Hence 
the Erinys waa first the being who brought evil 
deeds to lights and was represented afterwards in 
gloomy and fearful colours as their avenger. 

(389) What then is the death of CEdipus? 

It is the death of the Sun in the beautiM 
groves of the dawn, which are otherwise called 
the gardens of the Hyperboreans, and whidi 
represent the fairy network of clouds which are 
the first to receive and the last to lose the ligbt 
of the sun in the morning and the evening. 
Hence, although CEdipus dies in a thunderstorm, 
yet the Eumenides are kind to him, and his last 
hour is one of deep peace and tranquillity. 

(390) Which of his children remained to the 
last with CEdipus ? 

Antigone, whose name denotes the pale ligbt 
which is born, or springs up, opposite to the sun 
at his setting. 

(391) What became of Antigone ? 

When the two sons of CEdipus slew each other, 
the body of Polyneikes was cast forth unburied, 
and in defiance of the commands of Creon, Anti- 
gone buried it. Creon, therefore, ordered her to 
be buried alive ; and when Hsemon his son found 
her dead, he slew himself over her body. 



loy 



PROCRIS. 

(392) Who was Procris ? 

A daughter of Erechtheus (a mythical king of 
Athens,) and Herse. 

(393) How is Erechtheus described ? 
Erechtheus or Erichthonios (for the names are 

the same)j-is called a son of Hephaestus and Gr6 
(the earth). He was born in the form of a ser- 
pent, and brought up by Athena. 

(394) What is the legend of Procris ? 
Procris, a being of marvellous beauty, won the 

love of Kephalos (Cephalus) who found her on 
mount Hymettus, when he came from the white 
shore of Euboea. But Eos became jealous, when she 
saw Procris wedded to Kephalos ; and she tempted 
Kephalos to doubt her faith. Kephalos, going 
away, returned disguised (as Sigurd in the Vol- 
sung tale returns to Brynhild), and won the love 
of Procris in his altered form. Procris discovering 
the trick, fled away to Crete, and there dwelt in 
deep sorrow, until at length she was visited by Ar- 
temis who gave her the spear which never missed 
its mark, and the dog who never failed to track 
his prey. So with the hound and spear, Ptociv* 



104 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGY. 

came back to Athens, and was there the first always 
in the chase. Kephalos, filled with envy at her 
success, begged for the spear and dog, but ProcriB 
refused to give them except in return for his love. 
This Kephalos gave, and immediately discovered 
that it was his first wife Procris who stood before 
him. Fearing still the jealousy of Eos, Procris 
kept near Kephalos in the chase, until his speai 
smote her while she lay hidden in a thicks 
Bitterly grieving at her death, Kephalos left 
Athens, and aided Amphitryon in ridding his land 
of noxious beasts ; then journeying westwards, he 
reached the Leucadian cape, where his strengfli 
failed him, and he fell into the sea.* 

(395) What is the origin of this story ? 

It sprung from three simple phrases, one of 
which said, ' The sun loves the dew ; ' while the 
second said that Hhe morning loves the sun;' 
and the third added that ' the sun kills the dew.' 

(396) How is this proved? 

Because Procris is called the child of Herse, a 
word which, even in Greek, means deWy and 
because the name Procris itself comes from a 
Sanskrit word meaning to sprinkle. Eos, again, 
is the goddess of the east, or morning; and 
Kephalos is a word meaning the head of the sim. 

' * JKephalos and Procxis,* Gods asid Kexoos^ ^. 93. 



OfiPHEUS. 105 

(397) How did this suggest the details of the 
story? 

As the sun looks on the dew early in the morn- 
ing, so Kephalos wins the love of Procris in early 
youth, while the love of the dawn for the sun is 
changed into the jealousy of Eos for Procris. But 
each dewdrop reflects the sun, and Procris was 
thus said to grant her love to a Kephalos who, 
though changed, is still the same. She is smitten 
by the spear of Artemis, which represents the rays 
of the sun as it gains strength and dries up the 
dew. Kephalos causes her death against his will 
while she lingers in a thicket (a place where the 
dew lingers longest), just as Phoebus loses Daphne 
and Orpheus is parted from Eurydike. Having 
slain his bride, Kephalos must journey westwards, 
like Heracles, Perseus, and other heroes. Like 
them he toils for others, and like them he dies 
in the far west after his work is done. 



ORPHEUS. 



(398) Who was Orpheus ? 

He is generally called a son of the river CEagros 
and the muse Calliope. 

(399) What is the common story of Orpheii^? 



IDS icuxAL or MTTmaumr. 

He 15 said to hare woo the love of the beantifol 
Euiydikl (Emydioe), who died soon after from 
the bite of a snake. OrpheoSy wretched at her 
lossy had no Icmger the heart to wake from hk 
golden Ijie the mnsic which made men, beasts 
and trees follow him in delight. He detennined, 
therefore, to seek Enrydike in tlie land of the 
dead, and having soothed the dog of Hadei 
(Kerberos or Cerberus) willi his song, he wu 
brought before Poljdegmon and Persephone, wh( 
suffered him to lead his wife away, on oonditioi 
that he should not look on her &ce till she hsu 
reached the earth. Orpheus, forgetting his pro 
mise, looked round too soon, and Eurydike was ton 
away from him almost before he could see her. Th 
grief of Orpheus again silenced his music, unt: 
he died on the banks of the Hebrus.^ 

(400) What is the name of Orpheus ? 

It is the same as the Indian Bibhu, a name thi 
seems at a very early period to have been applie 
to the sun. In the Veda it is applied to mar 
deities. In its original sense it seems to ha^ 
denoted creative power or energy. In the opinic 
of some, Orpheus represents the winds, who tei 
up the trees as they course along, chanting the 
wild music. 

' ' Orpheug and Eurydike/ Tales £rom Greek Mythology, p. 1 



EUKOPA. 107 

(401) Is there, then, a mingling of two notions 
in the story? 

Yes ; the idea of the morning, with its short- 
lived beauty, is confused, as in the story of 
Hermes, with the idea of the breeze which gene- 
rally accompanies the dawn. 

(402) Does the name Eurydike resemble any 
others ? 

It comes from the same word from which have 
been formed such names asEuropa, Eurytos, Eury- 
phassa, and many others, all denoting the broad- 
spreading flush of the dawn across the sky. 

(403) What is the snake which bites Eury- 
dike? 

The serpent of darkness, which kills the beau- 
tiful twilight in the evening. 

(404) What is the pilgrimage of Orpheus ? 
The journey which during the hours of night 

the sun was supposed to take in order to bring 
back the dawn in the morning, which he does 
only to destroy her with his dazzling splendour. 

(405) What, then, is the final departure of 
Eurydike ? 

It is another form of the deaths of Daphne and 
Procris. 



103 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

EUROPA. 

(406) Who was Europa? |i 
According to the common story, a daughter of 1^ 

Agenor and Telephassa, and a sister of Cadmus ■> 
and Phoenix. 

(407) Where was she bom ? 
In Phoenicia, whence in her early youth she 

was carried away by Zeus, in the form of a white 
bull.i 

(408) Whither did the bull carry her ? 
To Delphi. 

(409) What is the sequel of the story ? 
Agenor ordered his sons to go in search of their 

sister, and Telephassa, going with them, journeyed 
westward until they came to ThessaJy. There 
Telephassa grew faint and died, and Cadmus going 
on met Phoebus, who told him that he should 
hear tidings of his sister at Delphi, and that after 
he had found her he should follow a cow, who 
would lead him to the spot where he was to build 
a city. Having thus found his sister, he left 
Delphi ; and as they passed along, a cow rose up 
and went before them, lying down to rest only 
when they reached the spot where Cadmus built 
the city called Thebes. 

' ' Cadmus and Europa,* Tales itom Greek Mythology, p. 36. 



EUBOPA. 109 

(410) What was the after-life of Cadmus ? 
He first smote the dragon near the well of 

Ares, and then, after a year of further toil, re- 
cseived Harmonia as his wife from Zeus. Cadmus 
^nd Harmonia became the parents of Ino, Se- 
cnele, and Agave, and were finally taken away by 
Zeus into Elysium, or the paradise of the good. 

(411) What is the meaning of the name 
Uuropa? 

Like Euryphassa, Eurynome, and very many 
others, it expresses the broad-spreading light of 
the dawn, which is carried from east to west by 
Zeus (Dyaus, the sky), represented in the oldest 
poems under the form of a bull. 

(412) Do the other names also explain them- 
selves ? 

Phoenicia, where she is bom, is the purple land 
of morning, like the Delos, Lycia, and Ortygia, 
where Phoebus and Artemis spring to life. Her 
brother Phoenix is the teacher of the great hero, 
Achilles, the lover of Briseis (Brisaya) ; and Tele- 
phassa (she who shines from far) is, like Telephos 
and Telemachus, a name of the dawn light, which, 
shooting across the sky, dies out in the west. The 
name Cadmus has been identified with the Syrian 
word Kedem, the east^ and is thus a name for the 
sun god. Like Phoebus, Theseus, and (Ediig\i%^ 



110 IfANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

he slays monsters^ and tben^ like them, receives a 
fair bride as his reward. 

(413) How was this story regarded in later 
times? 

As furnishing evidence that Bceotia was colo- 
nised from the Syrian Phcenicia ; but of this ftot 
the proof is scarcely adequate, and in any case it 
cannot be derived from this legend. 



MELEAGROS (MELEAGER). 

(414) Who was Meleagros? 

A son of (Eneus, chief of Calydon, and his wife 
Althsea. 

(415) What is the story of his infancy ? 

It is said that as the child lay sleeping in his 
cradle, the McBrse stood suddenly before his mother, 
and pointing to a log of wood burning on the 
hearth, told her that as soon as the brand had 
burnt itself out Meleagros would die. Althsea, on 
hearing this, snatched the brand from the fire, 
and quenching it in water, hid it away in a secret 
place.* 

(416) How did the child grow up? 

> 'Althaea and the Burning Brand/ Gods and Heroeii p. liO. 



MELEAGBOS. Ill 

Strong, brave, and beautiful, like CEdipus, Per- 
seus, Bellerophon, and the other great heroes. 
Xdke them, he achieved great exploits, and espe- 
cially he took part in the expedition of the Argo- 
nauts to recover the golden fleece from Colchis, 
and in the great Calydonian hunt. 

(417) Why was this hunt undertaken ? 

To destroy a monstrous boar which Artemis had 
sent to punish (Eneus, who had neglected to give 
her her portion of a sacrifice. 

(418) Who else took part in this boar hunt? 
Many of the heroes who shared in the Argo- 

nautic expedition; but the foremost of all was 
AtalantS, the daughter of Schoeneus, a chieftain of 
Arcadia. This beautiful maiden first pierced the 
boar, which was afterwards slain by Meleagros. 

(419) How were the spoils divided ? 
Meleagros wished to have the head, and the 

Curates of Pleuron, who had aided the Calydo- 
nians in the chase, were not content to have the 
hide only. Thus a strife arose, in which Melea- 
gros slew the chief of the Curates, who was also a 
brother of Althaea. This was followed by a war 
between the people of Pleuron and Calydon, in 
which, after a little while, Meleagros refused 
to take part, because Althaea, in her grief for the 
loss of her brother, laid her curse upon her son* 



112 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 

(420) What was the consequence of his in- 
action? 

The men of Calydon lost ground and weM 
utterly dismayed^ until his wife Cleopatra induced 
him to go forth. As soon as he appeared the 
enemies were routed. But the men of Calydon 
would give him no prize, and Meleagros again 
withdrew to his secret chambers. 

(421) Did he come forth again to help Ub 
countrymen ? 

No; Althaea, made yet more angry by his 
sullenness, brought out the brand and flung it on 
the fire. As the wood burnt away, the strength of 
Meleagros decayed, and as the last spark flickered 
out, he died The deaths of Althaea and Cleopatra 
followed soon afber that of the great hero. 

(422) What is the life of Meleagros ? 

It is the life of the sun, which is bound up 
with the torch of day ; when this torch bums out 
he dies. 

(423) In what respects does this story resemble 
any others ? 

Meleagros is a counterpart of Perseus, Phcebus, 
Kephalos and others in his beauty and strength 
and in his kindly dealings ; in the shortness of 
his life, and his fits of action and inaction, he is 
throughout like Achilles and Paris. 



PHAETHON. 113 

(424) What is this inaction ? 

It is the veiling of the sun behind the clouds, 
from which he comes forth either to win the vic- 
jbory like Achilles and Odysseus^ or to die like 
lieleagros and Heracles. 
ii (425) What is Atalanta ? 
«. A being who may be compared to Daphne and 
to Artemis^ with whose unerring spear she is 
inned. 

(426) Why is she described as coming from 
JkEcadia? 

t Because, like Delos^ Lycia, Phoenicia, and other 
itomeS) Arcadia is a word which originally denoted 
Ivightness or splendour. 

i^' (427) Why should Althaea, after having plucked 
Ae brand from the fire, cast it in again ? 

Because it had been said that, as the sun was 
||ie child of the night (Leto, Leda, or Althsea), 
ij^ was he also slain by the darkness wheii his 
bourse was done. 



PHAETHON. 



(428) Who was Phaethon ? 
A son of Helios and Clymene.* 

> 'Phaethon/ Gods and Kexoos, "j^* 14l^, 

I 



114 HANUAL OF MTTH0L06T. 

(429) What is Helios ? 
This word has the same origin as the Latin 

and is a name for the sun^ — Helios standii^ to 
Phcebus in the relation of Kerens to PoseidoiL 

(430) How is Helios represented ? 

As living in a palace of gold^ daily driving Hi 
chariot drawn by gleaming horses across tibe 
heaven^ and as having rich herds of cattle. 

(431) What are these cattle? 

They are the bright clouds which Hermes dri?eB 
across the sky ; but in later times, when the meaDr 
ing of the names was in part forgotten^ they wero 
supposed to be cows which were fed in the island 
of Thrinakia ; but even here the real meaning d 
the story is clear, for they are driven out daily 
to their pastures by Phaethusa and Lampetie, the 
bright and glistening daughters of Neaira, the 
early morning. 

(432) What is told about these herds in tie 
Odyssey ? 

It is said that some of the companions of 
Odysseus killed and ate some of them, and that 
for this Helios brought about their death. 

(433) Does the reverence with which the Ho- 
meric poet speaks of them show that his country- 
men were addicted to beast-worship ? 

No. It shows only that when the herds of the 



PHAETHON. 115 

were placed on the earth, they would naturally 

egarded as things on which no profaning touch 

Lild be laid. 

4:34) What are the horses of Helios ? 

n the earliest Hindu poems, these are the 

its, who in Greece were changed into beau- 

1 women called Charites, the Latin Oraces. 

435) What is the story of Phaethon? 

n an evil hour he is said have asked his father 
let him drive his chariot for a single day. 
[ios, much against his will, suffered him to 
e the reins. After rising for a little while 
) the heaven, the horses, becoming conscious 
their driver's weakness, plunged down towards 
earth; and the ground, with all its fruits, 
. streams, and rivers, was parched and dried 
Zeus, seeing that, unless his course was 
red, all living things must soon die, smote 
lethon with his thunderbolts, and the daugh- 
I of Hesperus built his tomb on the seashore 
jre he fell. 

436) What is the meaning of the name 
lethon ? 

[t means the bright or shinvng one, and 
wers to Phaethusa, as Telephos answers to 
ephassa. 

437) What is the character of Pliaettioii'i 

I 2 



115 HAHUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 

He possesses some portion of his father's bright- 
ness without his power. 

(438) In this respect does he resemble any 
other heroes ? 

Yes; he is the counterpart of Patroclos, who 
in the Iliad is described as being clothed with ihe 
armour of Achilles, and placed in his chariot^ 
which is also drawn by immortal horses, name! 
Xanthos and Balios (the golden and apeckleij* 
Patroclos, like Phaethon, receives directions whidi 
he neglects to obey, and like Phaethon, he is slain. 
In the Odyssey, Telemachus is to Odysseus what 
Patroclos in the Iliad is to Achilles, and what 
Phaethon is to Helios. 

(439) What was the origin of this story? 

It grew up from phrases which spoke of drought 
as caused by the chariot of Helios when driven bf 
some one who knew not how to guide his horses; 
and the smiting of Phaethon by the bolts of Zeal 
is the ending of the time of drought by a sudden 
storm of thunder. 



ASKLEPIOS (^SCULAPIUS).^ 

(440) Who was Asklepios ? 
In Homer, he is ap^aieivW^ ^ ^cm. or descendant 



ASKLEPIOS. 117 

^f Faieon (the healer) ; but in the commonly re- 
ceived story, he was the son of Apollo and the 
3iymph Coronis, a daughter of Phlegyas, who dwelt 
on the shores of the lake Bcebeis. 

(441) What is the legend of his birth ? 

It is said that before the birth of her child, 
Apollo left her, having first besought her to con- 
tinue faithful to him. But when he was gone, a 
beautiful stranger named Ischys came from Ar- 
cadia and won her love. The tidings were brought 
to Apollo, whose sister Artemis smote Coronis 
with her unerring spear. But Phcebus saved the 
babe Asklepios, and gave him into the charge of 
the centaur Cheiron, who made him wise in the 
art of healing and in the secret virtues of all 
herbs.* 

(442) What is the sequel of the tale ? 
Asklepios gained a world-wide fame and love, 

as a healer of pain and sickness. But his power 
of raising the dead roused the wrath of Hades, 
who complained to Zeus that his kingdom would 
soon be unpeopled, if Asklepios went on restoring 
them to the upper world. So Zeus smote Askle- 
pios with his thunderbolt, and this so provoked the 
anger of Apollo, that he slew the giant Cyclopes. 
For this oflFence Zeus banished him to the Sty- 

' Thebes and Argos, p. 1S6. 



118 MAJ^UAL OF ITrTHOLOaY. 

gian land ; but on the prayer of his mother Leto 
the punishment was changed to a year of service 
in the house of Admetus, who ruled in Phene. 

(443) Is the story of Asklepios told in any 
other way ? 

According to some versions, Goronis herself 
exposed her child, soon after his birth, on a hill 
side ; thus repeating the tale of Paris, Telephns, 
QEdipus, and other heroes. The child was fed by 
a goat, as Cyrus was nourished by a dog and 
Eomulus by a wolf. He was found by a shepherd, 
who was guided to the spot by the blaze of light 
which surrounded the child. Asklepios was hence 
called iEgla^r (the shiner), a mere name for 
the sun. 

(444) What is Coronis ? 

A being who in her life and death closely re- 
sembles Procris. Like the latter, she is charmed 
by a stranger who comes with all the beauty of 
Phoebus from the Arcadian (or bright) land, as 
Apollo comes from Delos; and like her she is 
slain by the spear of Artemis. 

(445) What is the punishment of Apollo? 

It is another form of the idea which represents 
Heracles and Poseidon as toiling in the service of 
beings weaker thcan themselves. 



ADMETUS. 119 

(446) Whence came the notion of the healing 
powers of Asklepios. 

It is found, in germ, in many l^ends. The 
sun was regarded naturally as the restorer of all 
vegetable life after the long sleep of winter, and 
as such, his power was extended to the relief of 
human ailments, and finally to the restoration of 
the dead to life. 

(447) Was this god widely worshipped? 

Yes. Few deities were more generally ho- 
noured. His most celebrated temple in Greece 
was at Epidaurus. 



ADMETUS. 



(448) What is the story of Admetus ? 

This chief of Pherse was the happy husband of 
Alk^stis (Alcestis). But on the day of his mar- 
riage he had made Artemis angry by neglecting 
her in a sacrifice. The goddess, however, pro- 
mised that when the hour of his death came, he 
should escape his doom, if his father, mother, or 
wife would die for him. Alkestis agreed to do so, 
and was taken away to Hades ; but Heracles found 
Thanatos (death) on his road to the unseen land, 



120 KANTJAL OF XTTHOLOGT. 

and after a long struggle, rescued her, and brought 
her back to her home.^ 

(449) Does this story throw light on that of 
Asklepios ? 

It exhibits Heracles as bringing back the dead, 
after a forcible struggle with Thanatos or DeaHi. 
But that idea of the wisdom of Phoebus Apollo, 
which is seen in the legend of Hermes, would 
naturally suggest the notion that he or his son 
could restore the sick to health, or recal the dead 
to life, without any such violent contests. 



LYOAON. 

(450) Who was Lycaon ? 

He is called a son of Pelasgus, and is said to 
have built Lycosura in Arcadia. 

(451) What story is told about him ? 

It is said that when Zeus came to visit Lycaon, 
he and his twenty or fifty sons set before him a 
meal of human fiesh, and that Zeus, in his anger 
at this offence, turned them all into wolves.^ 

(452) How is this strange tale to be accounted 
for? 

* Thebes and Argos, p. 190. 

* * Deucalion,' Thebes aiA iii^fsa^ ^. 194, 



liTCAON. 121 

It arose simply from the attempt to explain a 
natne^ the true meaning of which had been for- 
gotten. 

(453) What is the meaning of Lycaon ? 

Like Delos, Ortygia, Phoenicia, and Lycia, it 
denoted brightness or splendour. Hence he is 
placed in Arcadia, which also means the bright 
land. 

(454.) Whence then came the notion of wolves? 

The Greek word Lucos, a wolf, is the same in 
sound with Leucos (white or glistening), whence 
came the names Lykios and Lykegenes for Phoe- 
bus, and Lucna, Luna, for the moon. 

(455) Are there other instances of similar 
changes ? 

They are very common. Thus Callisto (the 
fairest), is a daughter of Areas, the bright one ; 
but the root from which Areas comes is the same 
as the root of the word Arctos, a bear ; and hence 
the story went that Callisto, rousing the anger 
of Artemis, was turned into a bear. 

(456) Can you mention any other instance ? 
The constellation now known as Arctus and 

Arcturus received its name from the root which 
meant to shine ; but for the same reason which 
changed Callisto into a bear, the notion rose that 
these stars also were inhabited b^ "be»x^^ ^xA 



its MANUAL OF IfTTHDIiOOT. 

thos came the names of the Grreat and litUe 
Bear. 

(457) Was the name changed in India ia tlie 
same way as in Greece ? 

Not in the same way, but in exactly the same 
spirit The root ark there entered into the woid 
Rishi, which means a wise man ; and hence the 
seven arkshas, or shiners, were changed into the 
abode of the seven Kishis, or Sages. So again, 
the word star means a strewer of light, and is the 
same as the Hindu word tAra ; but this word was 
confused with another like it^ which meant a 
wagon-ox, and hence the constellation came to 
be also called Charles's Wain or wagon. In the 
same way Phoebus and Heracles were said to fight 
with poisoned weapons, because the same sound was 
used to express the notions of arrow and poison. 



DEUCALION. 



(458) What is the story of Deucalion ? 

It is said that in the days of DiBUcalion, chief 
of Phthia, and son of Prometheus and Clymene, 
Zeus resolved to punish the wickedness of men, 
which had reached its height in the iniquity of 
Lycaon and his sons. He therefore sent a flood 



DEUCALION* 189 

upon the earthy and as the waters rose, Deucalion 
bade his wife Pyrrha make ready the ark which 
he had built at the warning of his father Prome- 
theus. Then getting into it, he and his wife were 
borne for eight days on the waters, and on the 
ninth the ark rested on the heights of Parnassus. 
There, having left the ark> they offered sacrifice 
to Zeus, who sent Hermes to grant any prayer 
that Deucalion might offer. Deucalion prayed 
for the restoration of the human race, and Hermes 
said that he and his wife should cover their faces 
with their mantles, and cast the bones of their 
mother behind them as they went on their way. 
The wisdom which came to him from his father 
Prometheus taught him that his mother was the 
earth, and that they were to cast the stones behind 
tiiem as they went down from Parnassus. The 
stones thus thrown became men and women, who 
at once began the life of hard toil, which ever 
since that day has been the lot of man.^ 

(459) When is this flood said to have taken 
place? 

By some it was assigned to the reign of Ogyges, 
a mythical king of Athens ; but there are many 
variations in the tale. Some said that all men 
then perished; others held that the men of Delphi 

* Thebes and Argos, p. 19^. 



124 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

escaped. So in the Babylonish story of XisuthruS) 
the flood spares all the pions. In some yerdons 
of the Indian tale^ Manu enters into the ark wHi 
the seven sages or Bishis, who remain with him 
till it is landed on the peak called Naubandhana, 
from the binding of the ship. 

(460) Can the names in this legend be ex- 
plained ? 

The name Deucalion is connected with that of 
Polydeukes (or Pollux), the brilliant son of Leda 
(another form of Leto). His wife Pyrrha, the 
red (perhaps as denoting the red earth), belongs 
to the same class with lole, locaste, lamos, the 
violet coloured^ and Phoenix, the purj^le. 

(461) Is the story of Deucalion connected with 
any other tales ? 

Yes, with very many. The legend of Pro- 
metheus is bound up with that of lo and Heracles, 
Epimetheus, Pandora, Athena, and others. Deu- 
calion, again, is the father of Minos, the Indian 
Manu (the thinker, or man) ; and Minos is 
father of Ariadne, whom Theseus led to Naxos 
after slaying the Minotaur. Minos is further 
connected with the Argive tale of Nisos and 
Skylla (Scylla). 

(462) Are any other children of Deucalion 
mentioned ? 



DEUCALION. 125 

He is also called the father of Hellen (from 
whom the Hellenes or Greeks are said to have 
3pning), and of Protogeneia, the early morning, 
the first-born of the sun. 

(463) Is the story carried on in the same 
spirit ? 

Yes. Protogeneia, the dawn, becomes the 
mother of Aethlios, the toiling and striving sun, 
who, like Heracles and Achilles, labours for 
others, not for himself: and Aethlios is the father 
of Endymion the fair, who sinks to sleep in the 
Latmian cave, as the sun plunges into the 
western sea. 

(464) Is the story of Deucalion retained in 
the traditions of any other people ? 

The Macusi-Indians of South America relate, 
it is said, that the last man who survived the 
flood repeopled the earth by changing stones 
into men. According to the Tamanaks of Ori- 
noko, it was a pair of human beings who cast 
behind them the fruit of a certain palm, and out 
of the kernels sprang men and women. 



1S6 IIANUAL OF IRTBOLOGT. 



10. 

(465) Who was lo ? 

lo is called a daughter of Inaclias, king of 
Argos. She is said to have been loved by Zjeos, 
who changed her into a heifer to protect her 
against the jealousy of Hera. Hera^ however, 
gained possession of lo by prevailing on Zeus to 
grant her that which she might desire, and gave 
her in charge to Argos Panoptes, the all-seeing. 

(466) How was she rescued from Argos ? 
None were able to surprise Argos, whose eyes 

were never closed, until Hermes, the messenger 
of Zeus, approached with his soft and lulling 
music, and then slew him when at last he slept. 
In revenge for this, Hera sent a gadfly, which 
stung the heifer lo, and drove her in agony from 
land to land, through Thebes and Thrace, until 
she reached the desolate heights of Caucasus, 
where the Titan Prometheus hung chained to 
the rock, while a vulture gnawed his liver. ^ 

(467) Who was Prometheus ? 

The mighty being who aided Zeus in his war 

' 'lo and FromethexLS,' Qods and Heroes, p. 166. 



10. J 27 

against Cronos, and who taught men how to 
build houses and obey law, and brought them 
down fire from heaven. This act roused the 
anger of Zeus, who, forgetting all gratitude, had 
Prometheus chained to the icebound rocks of 
Caucasus. 

(468) What did lo learn from Prometheus ? 
He told her that her wanderings were little 

more than begun ; that she must go from thence 
through the land of the Amazons, across the 
strait, which fi-om her should be called Bosporus, 
into Asia, and thence into the -Ethiopian land, 
where she should become the mother of Epaphus, 
from whom should hereafter spring Heracles, and 
that by Heracles Prometheus should be delivered 
from his terrible punishment. 

(469) Were these predictions fulfilled ? 
Yes, according to the generally received tale. 

(470) How did the Greeks regard the legend? 
As pointing to a connection between Greece 

and Egypt; lo being identified with Isis, and 
Epaphus with the calf-god Apis. But as in the 
case of the Sphinx, this notion is the fancy of a 
later age. 

(471) What name was given to Hermes, as 
being the slayer of Argos ? 

He was called Argeiphontes, just as Hipponooa 



198 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 

was called Bellerophon or Bellerophontes, be- 
cause he smote Belleros. 

(472) Who are the Amazons? 

They were supposed to be a tribe of warlike 
women, who lived on the banks of the Thermo- 
don^ suffering no man to dwell among them. 
They were said to have been so called &om the 
practice of cutting off the right breast, to give 
them greater freedom in using the bow. 

(473) Is this explanation correct? 

No* The story grew up because the meaning 
of the word had been forgotten, as in the case of 
Lycaon, Arctos, (Edipus, and many others. 

(474) Is the name of Prometheus found in 
any other traditions ? 

It is the Pramantha of the Hindus, who use it 
to denote the churn for churning fire with pieces 
of dried sticks. 

(475) What does Herodotus tell us about lo? 

His story is that when a Phoenician merchant- 
ship chanced to come to Argos, she went on board 
to make choice of things to be purchased; that 
the captain of the vessel carried her away, either 
with or against her will, and that this offence led 
the Greeks to make reprisals by carrying off 
Medea from Colchis. 

(476) What resemblance has this to the other 
tale? 



10. 129 

None whatever; the only point in common 
between them is that lo is carried into Asia. 

(477) Is Herodotus, then, speaking of the same 

lo? 

Clearly he is ; for he calls her the daughter of 
Inachus. 

(478) How is his version of the story to be 
accounted for ? 

When the marvellous incidents of the old 
legends came to be thought incredible, Herodotus 
and other writers fancied that they could mend 
matters by putting aside all that was marvellous 
in each story, and then regarding it as still the 
same story. Thus, according to him, lo was not 
changed into a heifer, and never talked with 
Prometheus. In the same way the historian 
Thucydides makes a very plausible history of the 
Trojan war, by leaving out all that is said about 
Hector, and Helen, and Achilles, and all the other 
actors in the tale. 

(479) Is this method trustworthy? 

It is neither more nor less trustworthy than the 
story of Jack the Griant-killer would be, if we 
were to say that he never climbed up to the sky 
on a bean-stalk, and that he never killed any 
giants, because there are no giants to kill. 



lao HAinrAL of utthologt. 



EPIMETHEUS. 

(480) Who was Epimetheus ? 
The brother of Prometheus. 

(481) What is the meaning of the name? 
Epimetheus is one who takes thought afte 

event, while Prometheus is one who considers 
matter well beforehand. 

(482) What is the story told about Epimeth 
It is said that, before it was settled what 

out of each victim sacrificed should be give 
the gods, Prometheus slew an ox, and placing 
entrails and flesh under the skin, put the b 
under the fat, and told Zeus to take whicl 
pleased. Zeus placed his hand on the fat, 
was wroth at finding that his portion was sii 
fat and bone. Hence, when Prometheus was g 
he determined to punish Epimetheus, who 
been warned by his brother to receive no gift : 
the gods.* 

(483) Was Epimetheus tempted to neglect 
warning? 

Yes. Zeus commanded Hephaestus to 
earth, and fashion it into the shape of a wo: 

* 'Epimetheus and Pandora,' Gods and Heroes, p. 15^ 



EPIMETHEFS. 131 

This moulded image Athena clad in a beautiful 
robe, while Hermes gave her the power of words, 
and a greedy mind, to cheat and deceive man- 
kind. Zeus then led Pandora (for so was she 
named) to Epimetheus, who received her into his 
house. There Pandora saw a great cask on the 
threshold and lifted the lid; and from it came 
strife and war, plague and sickness, and all other 
evils. In her fright she let down the lid upon 
the cask, and left Hope shut up within it, so that 
men had nothing to make their wretchedness 
more tolerable. 

(484) Is this story of Pandora's box understood 
in any other way? 

Some think that Hope was shut up in the cask 

out of mercy to men, and not to heighten their 

-. misery. But this is not the meaning of the story 

= . in Hesiod, for Pandora does not bring the cask 

with her: she finds it in the house of Epime- 

- theus, and the diseases and evils can do no hurt 

'- until they are let loose. Hence the shutting up 

of Hope only makes matters worse instead of better. 

*; (485) Is the story of Prometheus inconsistent 

i with any other legend ? 

T Yes; it wholly contradicts the Hesiodic story of 
d the Five Ages — the Golden, the Silver, the Brazen, 
the Heroic, and the Iron. This traditiou ^xx^^ci^^'s. 

x2 
f 



132 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 

that men lived at first free from Want or pain, or 
sickness, or misery of any kind, until Pandora 
came and let all evils loose. But the story of 
Prometheus supposes that the earliest state of 
man was one of utter wretchedness, and that their 
life was that of brute beasts, until he gave ihem 
houses and fire, and made them live in decency 
and order. This notion is also found in the story 
of Phoroneus. 



D^DALUS. 






(486) What is the story of Daedalus ? 

The tales recounted of him are by no means 
consistent. The commonly received version calls 
him a son or descendant of Erechtheus, the father 
of Procris, and says that he was banished for 
murdering Calos, because he surpassed him in 
skill of workmanship. Daedalus then went to 
Crete, where he made the wooden cow for Pasi- 
phae, and also constructed the labyrinth for the 
Minotaur. For doing this he was shut up by 
Minos ; and as no ships were left on the coast, 
Daedalus fashioned a pair of wings for himself, 
and another for his son Icarus, and fastened them 
on with wax. Daedalus thus made his escape to 
Sicily; but Icarus mounted too near the sun, andi 



NIOBE. 133 

nelting the wax of his wings, fell into the Icarian 
3ea and was drowned. Nothing more is recorded 
of Daedalus, except that he executed many great 
works of art in the west. 

(487) What is the meaning of his name ? 

It means simply the cunning or wise workman; 
and the same idea is found in the epithet. Poly- 
metis, constantly applied to Odysseus, who also 
made a beautiful bridal-chamber for his wife 
Penelope. The wisdom of Daedalus is, in fact, 
only another form of the wisdom of Phoebus and 
(Edipus. 

(488) What is Icarus ? 

A feeble reflection of his father, as Phaethon is 
of Helios, and Telemachus of Odysseus. 



NIOBE. 

(489) WHOwasNiobe? 

Almost every incident in the story of Niobe is 
told in many ways. Thus by some she is called 
the mother of Phoroneus, and the wife of Ina- 
chus ; but the more popular version makes her 
a daughter of Tantalus, and the wife of Amphion, 
king of Thebes. Contrasting the number of ket 



134 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

six sons and six daughters with the two children 
of whom alone Leto was the mother^ she roused 
the wrath of Leto, who bade Phoebus and Artemis 
to avenge the affront. Accordingly they slew aU 
the children of Niobe with the arrows which never 
miss tlieir mark, and Niobe, going to the moun- 
tain of Sipylus, there wept herself into stone,^ 

(490) What is the meaning of this story? 

The rivalry between Niobe and Leto is repro- 
duced in that between Medusa and Athena ; and 
the many children of Niobe are the many children 
of the mist — in other words, the clouds ; which, 
although as beautiful as Phoebus and Artemis, are 
dried up by the burning rays of the sun, while 
Niobe herself dissolves in a rain of tears, which 
turns into hard ice on the mountain summit 



TANTALUS. 



(491) What is the story of Tantalus ? 

He is said to have been a king of Lydia, who 
had a palace blazing with gold beneath Mount 
Sipylus, where Niobe wept herself to stone. He 
was as widely known for his wisdom and power as 

' * Niobe and Leto/ Tales from Qcxfeek Myology, p. 12. 



TANTALUS. 135 

his ydfe, Euryanasaa, was for her beauty. In- 
deed, Tantalus was admitted to share the secret 
counsels of Zeus, and thus gained a knowledge 
beyond the reach of mortals. But in course of 
time he stole some of the food and drink of the 
gods, and gave them to his people ; and he also 
refused to give up the dog Pandareos, who had 
guarded Zeus in the cave of Dicte. Finally, 
when Zeus and all the gods came down to feast 
in his banquet hall, he cut up his own child 
Pelops, and placed his roasted limbs before them 
as a repast. Pelops was restored to life by Zeus, 
who doomed Tantalus to gaze on beautiful fruits 
which he might not touch, and on clear waters 
which he might not taste. If he bowed his head to 
drink, the waters fled away : if he put forth his 
hand to pluck the fruit, the branches which bore 
them vanished, and a huge rock appearing above 
his head threatened to crush him to powder.^ 

(492) Can this story be explained ? 

It is one of the most transparent of Greek 
legends. The palace of Tantalus is the golden 
house of Helios, from which Phaethon goes forth 
on his luckless journey. His wisdom is the wis- 
dom of Phoebus, CEdipus, and Odysseus. His 
frequent converse with Zeus represents the daily 

' Thebes and Argos, p. 257. 



136 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 



I 



visits of HelioB to the heights of heaven. His It) E 
theft of nectar and ambrosia answers to the theft lial 
of fire by Prometheus, and the wealth which he 
bestows on the people is the wealth which the 
warmth of the sun draws forth from the earth. 
But as the sun, when his heat becomes too great, 
burns up these fruits, so, when such drought 
came, men said, ^Tantalus is slaying and roastiiig 
his own child.' The restoration of Pelops to life 
is the action of that mighty power which restores 
freshness to the earth after drought, and which is 
wielded by Asklepios and Medea. The sentence 
passed on Tantalus agrees closely with the same 
idea. His stooping to drink the water and est 
the fruits which surround him points to the dry- 
ing up of streams and the withering of herbage oy 
the fierce rays of the sun. The rock wKdi 
threatens to crush him is the dark stormdoud 
which broods like the Sphinx over the earih, or 
frowns like Polyphemus on Odysseus. And as 
the earth is the more scorched in proportion as 
tlie sun may be said to stoop nearer dovn to it, 
the expression ' to be tantalised ' is applied to 
all disappointments when the prize soujht seems 
within our grasp. 

(493) Who is Euryanassa? 

The broad-ruling day — ^ xi^Tc^a e.Qtx^"3^c>\^dm^ 



IXION. 187 



o Eurymedusa, Euryphassa, Europa, all names 
or the morning or the day. 



rxioN. 

(494) Who was Ixion ? 

By some he is called a son of Phlegyas (the 
Baming one), and he is said to have married Dia, 
the daughter of Hesioneus, to whom he promised 
rich gifts, which, after the marriage, he refused 
to send. 

(495) How did Hesioneus hear this refusal? 
He stole the undying horses which hore the 

gleaming chariot of Ixion, who told Hesioneus to 
come and take the gifts if he wished to have 
them. Hesioneus went accordingly, and when 
he insisted on seeing the treasure-house where the 
giftfi were stored, Ixion opened the door, and 
Hesioneus fell into a pit full of fire.^ 

(496) What followed this murder ? 

A time of drought and wretchedness xmtil Zeus 
purified Ixion from his guilt. 

(497) How did Ixion requite this kindness? 
By oflfering his love to Hera, the queen of 

heaven. 



1 ( 



Ixion/ Thebes and Argoa, p. ^k%. 



138 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(498) How did Zeus meet this new danger ? 
He made a cloud assume the likeness of Hera» 

and thus deceived Ixion, who became the father 
of the Kentaurs (Centaurs) ; and to punish Lrion 
still further, he bound him to a four-spoked wheel 
which bears him round for ever and ever. 

(499) What is the meaning of this tale ? 
Like that of Tantalus, it describes some part of 

the action of the sun in its journey through the sky. 

(500) What is Dia ? 

A being who represents the fair Dawn, and who 
answers to Dahana, Daphne, lole, locaste, and 
Eurydike. As Heracles forsakes lole, and Sigurd 
leaves Brynhild, as (Edipus and Orpheus are 
parted from locaste and Eurydike, and as Theseus 
deserts Ariadne, so Ixion leaves Dia, and is smitten 
with the charms of Hera. 

(501) What is Hesioneus? 

The darkness from which Dia, the dawn, 
springs. 

(502) What is the treasure-house of Ixion ? 

It is the palace of Helios and Tantalus, the 
abyss of splendour in which the Night is consume 

(503) Why is Ixion made to love the lady Hera ? 
Because the sun, as it rises in the heaven, may 

b^^d to woo the blue sky, which was specially 
^^^^Wb of Hera and Zeus. 



IZION. 189 

^504) What is the sojourn of Ixion in the house 

Zeus? 

It is the long pause which the sun seems to 

ake in the highest heaven at noon-tide. 

(505) What is the phantom which cheats 
don? 

The beautiful cloud which reposes on the deep 
Me sky ; and the Kentaurs, the Indian Gand- 
irvas, are its children — the vapours which ex- 
ind from the little cloud during the rainy time 

eastern lands. 

(506) What is the four-spoked wheel of Ixion ? 
It is the fiery cross which is seen in the sky by 
ose who look on the sun at noonday. 

(507) Can the name Ixion be explained ? 

It has been identified by some with the Sanskrit 
)rd Akshanah, denoting one who is bound to a 
leel ; the word Ixion being thus regarded as 
in to the Greek axon, the Latin axis, and the 
iglish axle. 

(508) Is the germ of the story of Ixion found 
these old poems ? 

It is said that Dyaus (the sky) struggled hard 
snatch the wheel of the sun from the grasp of 
rht. From such phrases sprung the notion 
the dark Gorgons chasing Perseus as he hastens 
the Hyperborean gardens. 



140 UANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 



'1 

I- 1 



BELLEROPHON, OR BELLEROPHONTES. j. ^ 

(509) What is the meaning of the word Belle- 
rophon ? 

It means the slayer of Belleros, as Hermes ii 
called Argeiphontes, because he slew Argus; and 
the name was given to Hipponoos, the son of 
Glaucos (the bright or shining one). 

(510) Who was the fiither of Glaucos? 
Sisyphus, the crafty, whose punishment in Tar* 

tarus is to roll to the top of a hill a stone whidi 
immediately rolls down again, just as the sun i 
forced to descend as soon as he has reached the 
highest point in his course through the heaven. 

(511) What is the story of Bellerophon? 
After slaying Belleros, he fled to the court of 

Proetus, whose wife, Anteia, fell in love with 
Bellerophon, who shut his ears to her persuasionSi 
Anteia then accused him to Proetus of an at- 
tempt to corrupt her, and Proetus sent him to 
lobates, king of Lydia, with letters charging him 
to put the bearer to death. This lobates would 
not do, but he imposed on Bellerophon some 
hard tasks. Bellerophon accordingly slew the 
Chimsera, which had the head of a lion, the body 
of a goat, and the tail of a. dragon. 



BELLEKOPHON. 141 

2) How did he accomplish this ? 

the aid of the winged horse Pegasus, which he 
lught while drinking at the fountain of PirSne. 

3) What were his next exploits ? 
conquered the Solymi and Amazons, and 

he married the daughter of lobates, after 

I he tried to rise to heaven on Pegasus, but 

sent a gadfly which stung the horse and 

him throw his rider. Bell^rophon was 
illed, but his strength was broken, and after 
Bring for some time alone on the Aleian 
, he died.^ 

.4) Does this story resemble any others ? 
e tasks imposed on Bellerophon answer 
[y to the labours of Heracles, Perseus, 
ius, and other heroes. His rejection of the 
)f Anteia is the desertion of Brynhild by Si- 

or of CEnone by Paris. So after slaying 
himaera, he wins his bride, as CEdipus wins 
te after conquering the Sphinx, and Perseus 
dded to Andromeda after killing the Libyan 
►n. His attempt to fly to heaven is the 
ipt of Phaethon to drive the chariot of Helios, 
of Ixion to gain possession of Hera. The 
y which stings Pegasus reappears in the 

of lo. The fall of Bellerophon is the 

' * Bellerophon/ Gods and Heroes, "g. 1^%^ 



149 MANUAL Of MTTHOLOaT. 

rapid descent of the son towards evening, and 1^ 
the Aleian plain is that broad expanse of sombre I ^ 
light through which the sun is sometimes seen to I . 
travel sullenly and alone to his setting. 



SEYLLA (SGYLIA). 



(515) Who was Skylla? 
She is called a daughter of Nisos^ king of 

Megara. 

(516) What story is told about her ? 
She is said to have fallen in love with Minos 

when he came to take vengeance for the death of 
his son Androgeos. When Minoe failed in all his 
attempts to take the city, Skylla shore off the 
purple locks of hair on the head of Nisus, on which 
the safety of the city depended. As soon as Minos 
had the locks in his possession, Megara was taken; 
but far from returning her love, Minos, according 
to one story, drowned her in the sea : in another, 
she was turned into a fish, which Nisos, changed 
into an eagle, instantly pursued. 

(517) Who was Minos? 

A son of Europa and Zeus, who is said to have 
been king of Crete, and who, after his death, be- 
came with Ehadamant\i\is ^n^ ffi*?5LCw^ vycift of the 



lAHOS. 148 

Ldges of the dead. He is the same as the Indian 
Canu, the son of Brahma. 

(518) What is the magic lock of Nisus ? 

It represents the golden rays of Phoebus, the 
an-god, who is called Akersekomes, or the being 
''hose head is not touched with a razor. 



lAMOS. 

(519) Who was lamos ? 

A son of Phoebus and Evadne, bom on the 
>anks of the Alpheius. On his birth Evadne, 
earing the wrath of her father -^pytus, chief of 
?hsesana, fled away, and Phoebus sent two ser- 
lents who guarded the child and fed him with 
loney. ^pytus after a long search found the 
>abe lying on a bed of violets ; and the child soon 
howed himself possessed of a marvellous wisdom, 
or Phoebus, touching his ears, made him under- 
tand the voices of birds, and underneath the 
raters of Alpheius lamos had gained a knowledge 
f things hidden from the minds of men. His 
hildren, the lamidae, were the famous seers or 
irophets of Olympia.^ 

(520) What likeness has this legend to others 2 

* * lamos,' Thebes and Argps, p. 1*1^. 



144 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

The exposure of lamos is the same as that of 
CEdipus, Perseus^ Telephus^ and other heroes. The 
snakes are here^ as elsewhere, the serpents of 
night; but^ as in the old phrases, the night was 
described sometimes as dark and gloomy, some- 
times as lovely and gentle, so here the snakes 
which seek to sting Heracles are represented as 
nursing lamos. 

(521) What is the meaning of the name lamos ? 
The meaning has been rightly preserved in the 

story. Like lole, locaste, and others, it denotes 
the violet tints of the morning. 

(522) What is the wisdom of lamos? 

It is the wisdom of Phoebus, which he imparted 
to his son Asklepios and in part to Hermes, and 
which is shared also by Medea. 



AMPHIARAOS. 



(523) Who was Amphiaraos? 

A descendant of the wise seer Melampus, whose 
ears, being cleansed by serpents, were enabled to 
catch the utterances of birds. 

(524) Was this power granted to any other? 
Yes ; to lamos. 

(525) What exploits are attributed to Am- 
phiaraos ? 



BBIABEOS. 145 

He took part in the Calydonian boar bunt^ and 
"ixe Argonautic expedition^ and finally in tbe war 
it Tbebes waged by Polyneikes against his brother 
Eteocles. With this strife Amphiaraos wished to 
tiave nothing to do ; but his wife Eriphyle, bribed 
by the necklace which Cadmus gave to Harmonia, 
betrayed her husband's lurking-place. When, in 
the fight which followed the death of the sons of 
(Edipus^ Amphiaraos found himself hard pressed, 
he prayed to Zeus, who caused the earth to open 
and swallow up his chariot. 

(526) What was the recompense of Eriphyle ? 
She was killed by her son Alcmseon, who after 

long wanderings found rest on the islands at the 
mouth of the river Achelous. 

(527) Was this the end of Alcmaeon's history ? 
No. He led the Epigoni (the sons of the chiefs 

who had fought in the former war) to that attack 
upon Thebes which ended with the destruction of 
the city. 



BRIAKEOS (BRIAREUS). 



(528) Who was Briareos ? 

The hundred-handed son of Ouranos and Gaia, 
otherwise called ^gseon. When Hera, Poseidon, 
and Athena were going to bind Zeus, Thetia 

L 



146 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

warned him of his danger^ and Zeus, summoning 
Briareos to his side, so frightened the conspirators 
that they gave up their attempt. 



ARETHUSA. 

(529) Who was Arethusa ? 

One of the Nereids, or daughters of Nereus, who 
stands to Poseidon in the relation of Helios to 
Phoebus. 

(530) What story is told of her ? 

The hxmter Alpheius is said to have pursued 
her, as Apollo pursued Daphne ; and like Daphne, 
Arethusa, to escape from him, threw herself into 
the stream, and the nymphs carried her to the 
Ortygian shore. Thither Alpheius followed her; 
and driven to despair, Arethusa plunged into the 
fountain which bears her name. Alpheius, unahle 
to bear her loss, also plunged into the waters, be- 
neath which he won the love which she had 
refused him during life.^ 

(531) What is the meaning of this tale ? 

It is the parting of Heracles and lole, who 
meets him again when his toils are ended. The 
shore on which Arethusa and Alpheius meet h 
the land of the morning and evening twilight 

* * Arethusa,' Gods and Heroes, p. 174. 



147 



TYRO. 

(532) Who was Tyro ? 

The bride of the river Enipeus, and mother of 
Pelias and Neleus. 

(533) What is the legend of Tyro ? 

When her children were born, her father Sal- 
moneus, who had married the iron-hearted Sidero, 
ordered them to be killed ; they were, accordingly, 
exposed on the river's banks, where they were 
rescued by a herdsman. WTien they were grown 
up, they put Sidero to death, and delivered Tyro 
from the dungeon in which she had been im- 
prisoned by Salmoneus because she refused to 
become the wife of Cretheus.* 

(534) What other story does this tale resemble ? 
It is only another form of the legend of Danae. 

Pelias, and Neleus are exposed like Perseus, and 
rescued in the same way with Cyrus, Eomulus, 
uid Remus. As Danae refuses to marry Poly- 
lectes, so Tyro rejects the hand of Crctheus ; and 
18 Perseus brings Danae back to Argos, after 
ivenging her of her persecutors, so Pelias and 
^'eleus set free their mother, after they have slain 
ler tormentor Sidero. 

» 'Tyro/ Gods and Heroes, p. 177. 
l2 



148 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 



NARCISSUS. 

(535) What is the story of Narcissus ? I 
This son of the river Kephisos (Cephisus) was 

loved by the nymph Echo, who, failing to win tus 
love in return, died of grief. As a punishment^ 
Nemesis made Narcissus fall in love with his own 
image reflected in water, and the youth in his turn 
pined away from unsatisfied longing. On tiie 
spot where he died, the flower sprang up which is 
called by his name. Later versions said that he 
was turned into a narcissus, as they also said that 
Daphne was changed into a laureL^ 

(536) What is the love of Echo for Narcissus? 
It is only another version of the love of Selene 

for Endymion (the sun just plunging into the 
sea); and as Endymion sleeps in Latmos (the land - 
of forgetfulness), so the name Narcissus denotes 
the numbness or deadness of profound sleep, and 
thus expresses precisely the same idea which 
marks the legend of Endjrmion. 

' * Narcissus/ Gods and Heroes, p. 193. 



149 



THE ARGONAUTS. 

(537) What was the Argonautic expedition? 
An expedition of many Achaian chieftains to 
recover the golden fleece. 

(538) What was the golden fleece? 

It belonged to the golden ram of Phrixus. 

(539) What is the story of Phrixus ? 

He is called the son of Athamas and Nephele. 
On the death of Nephele, Athamas married Ino, 
and Phrixus with his sister Helle lived in great 
nnhappiness until a ram with a golden fleece 
carried them away. As it soared through the air, 
Hells fell off its back, and was drowned in the 
Hellespont^ which bears her name. Phrixus was 
carried onwards to the palace of iEetes king of 
Colchis, and there he sacrificed to Zeus, the 
guardian of fugitives, the ram who had borne 
him thither. The golden fleece was hung up in 
the house of ^etes, until the Achaian chieftains, 
urged on by Athamas, came to claim it.' 

(540) How was the expedition planned ? 
There are many versions to the story ; but the 

one most commonly received states that Pelias, 

> 'Phrixus and Helle,* Tales from GreeV5!li^^V^,^,1^, 



150 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

a nephew of Jason^ had received a warning to be 
on his guard against a man with only one shoe, 
and that when Jason appeared at a sacrifice, 
having lost one of his sandals in a stream, Pelias 
bade him go and fetch the golden fleece from 
Colchis. Jason, accordingly, gathered all the 
great chieftains round about, and sailed away in 
the ship Argo, which was endowed with the power 
of speech. Among those who went with him were 
Heracles, Meleagros, Amphiaraos, Admetus, and 
other heroes. Sailing eastwards they passed 
through the dangerous rocks called Symplegades, 
which opened and were again closed continually 
with such quickness that a bird had scarcely time 
to fly through. Tiphys steered the vessel safely 
through these rocks, which thenceforth became 
fixed. Having passed through the land of the 
Amazons, they at last reached Colchis, where Jason 
demanded the fleece from -^etes, who refused to 
give it up until Jason had ploughed the land with 
the fire-breathing bulls and sown it with the dra- 
gon's teeth. This he was enabled to do by the 
aid of Medea, who anointed his body with an 
ointment which protected him against the fiery 
breath of the bulls, and told him to cast a stone 
among the armed men who would spring up from 
the dragon's teeth.. 



THE ARGONAUTS. 151 

tl) What was the result? 

soon as Jason threw the stone, the men 
1 to fight with each other, until all were 
Then Medea lulled to sleep the dragon 
1 guarded the fleece, and Jason, slaying the 
ter, gained possession of the treasure, and 
ned away in the ship Argo. 
t2) What incidents belong to the return 

re? 

etes pursued the ship in hot haste; and 
5a, who had fled with Jason, cut up her 
ler Apsyrtus, and threw his limbs one by one 
the sea. -^etes stopped to pick them up, 
)he ship thus passed beyond his reach. 
13) What happened on Jason's return to 
s? 

3dea persuaded the daughters of Pelias to 
ip the body of their father, and place them in 
iron, saying that she would restore him again 
ie as in his youth. They obeyed ; but Medea, 
nding to be looking at the stars to know the 
moment for using her spells, allowed his 
J to be consumed, and thus the warning 
I to Pelias was fulfilled. 
44) Did Jason remain at lolcos? 
). Medea took him in her dragon chariot to 
s, where Jason was smitten with tKe b^-axifc^ 
aukSj the daughter of Creon. 



1A9 MASUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

(545) Did Medea bear this patiently? 
She seemed to be well pleased^ and sent to 

GlaukS as a bridal gift the beaatifiil lobe whidi 
Helios gave her before she left her father^s house. 
Xo sooner had the maiden put it on than &b 
robe began to bum her flesh, and Creon, who 
tried to tear it off, died with his child. Medea I 
then vanished from Argos in her dragon chariot^ 

(546) Is anything frirther recorded of Medea? 
She is said to have killed her two childrai, 

the sons of Jason. 

(547) How did this strange and terrible story 
spring up? 

From phrases which described the changes of 
day and night. 

(548) How is this shown? 
The sun, who is called Helios Hyperion (Ae 

climber), was said to go down in the evening into 
a golden cup or vessel, which carried him across 
the ocean stream to the abode of black night, 
where he found his mother, his wife, and his 
children, and from this cup he rose again in the 
morning. 

(549) How does this bear on the story of the 
Argonauts ? 

As in the oldest Indian poems the departure 



THE ABGONAUTS. 153 

)f the sun left men in grief and fear, the idea of 
I search for their lost friend naturally suggested 
tself ; and all the things which he had cherished 
rith his warmth in the day time were supposed 
o seek for him until they found him and 
)rought him hack again. 

(550) What, then, is the ship Argo ? 

It is a symbol of the earth as a parent, which 
lontains in itself the germs of all living things, 
lence it carries all the Achaian chieftains, who 
eturn with renewed strength and vigour when 
heir mission is accomplished. 

(551) Why is it gifted with the power of 
peech ? 

As the parent of all things, the earth was 
egarded as a conscious being, endowed with the 
)ower of thought, sight, and language. 

(552) What is the golden fleece? 

The golden garment (or rays) of the sun, which 
eappears as the robe given by Helios to Medea, and 
\rhich may either warm or scorch those whom it 
nay touch. It is the same robe which Nessus gives 
o Deianeira, and which consumes the body of 
leracles. 

(553) What is Medea? 

A being who possesses that wisdom which 
►elongs to Phoebus Apollo by his b\x\Xixv^\,, 



154 HANUAL OF mTTHOLOGT. 

This wisdom is inherited by Asklepios and Tfr 
taluR, as representing the sun^ who can Beeiob 
the hidden secrets of Zeus (the sky). Thisno&B, 
when applied to Medea as a wise womaQjflf 
gested the idea of witchcraft or sorcery. 

(554) What is the story of the dragon's tee&? 

Another version of the turning of stones ii 
men in the legend of Deucalion. 

{555) Why does ^etes pursue the reiarea&| 
Argo? 

Because the Gorgons chase Perseus, as it 
(lurknesB may be said to chase the sun who leatd IV: 
it behind him as he rises in the sky. |^ 

(556) What are the life-giving powers of 
Medea ? 

The same sun which causes deadly drought 
also recalls all things to life after the slumber A 
night and the long sleep of winter. Hence Medea, 
like Tantalus and Lycaon, is able to slay, and, 
like Asklepios and Heracles, to restore the dead 
to life. 

(557) What is the dragon chariot of Medea? 
It is the same as the chariot of Indra, Helios, 

and Achilles. That of Indra is drawn by the Ha- 
rits (who in western legends became the Graces), 
that of Helios and Achilles by undying horses. 
The chariot of Medea is drawn by dragons^ 



THE TALE OF TROT. 155 

tecause the word dragon means one who has 
lean sight, and the name was naturally applied 
\x> the creatures which may be supposed to bear 
the sun through the heaven. 



THE TALE OF TROY. 

(558) What is the tale of Troy or Ilion ? 

It consists of that series of legends, which 
together make up the mythical history of Paris, 
Helen, Achilles, and Odysseus. 

(559) Is the whole of this tale contained in 
the Iliad and Odyssey, which are generally called 
the poems of Homer ? 

No; but there are expressions and hints scat- 
tered throughout the poems which seem to show 
that the poets were acquainted with many inci- 
dents, about which they did not care to speak. 

(560) How does this tale begin? 

With the birth of Paris, whose mother Hecab^ 
(Hecuba) dreamt that her son was a torch which 
would destroy the land of Ilion. 

(561) What was the consequence of this dream ? 
The child was exposed on the heathy sides of 

mount Ida; but he was rescued by a she^jherd^ 



156 IIAKUAL OF KTTBOIJOST. 

^i growing Tip beantifd, brave, amd genero. 
he was called Alexandroe, the helper of men. 
(562) How was Paris made known to his paren 
Ifis £ftther, Priam, ordered a sacrifice to 
ofiei^ed up for the repose of Paris in Hades^ s 
hi$ semmts chose the favourite bull of Paris, ¥ 
tfoilv^w«d them and was conqueror in his o 
tuiMral games. Although no one else recogni 
hittt« his sister Casandra, to whom Phoebus I 
^Y^tt tlH^ power of second sight, under the pens 
tiM Wr pKdictions should not be believed, t 
•t^i^itt wtKk the victor was. 

y.M($^ Pii Paris r»nain in Troy? 
He r^CttS^ to stay with those who had trea 
!uuit a^ cnfteUr in his infiBmcy, and in the dells 
Uu W wvHi CESiOQi^, the beautiful daughter 
tV ^tr<?>*itt K«?br^ as his bride. 

v^^^^ Hv^w losi^ did he remain with CEnonI 
Vuul Iw^ vl^^fArt^ for Sparta with Menelaiis 
V>^fs5^ IWw w;k!i thi$ brought about? 
At t W iiwurrU^t^Ast of Peleus with Thetis, 
uu^h^ v>f Av-iiillecss Kr:$ v^^rifeX who bad not b< 
invito with th<* other gvxK cast on the tab! 
jtyJjjUl^ jljwilo« whioh w;is to Iv given to the fail 
g\h?s?t^ It w;is claimed by H( 
Aphrvviito, and Zeus made Paris 
Bv him \t ^As ^xexi Vo k^\«^dvte^ \i 




THE TALE OF TROT. 157 

promised him in return Helen^ the loveliest of all 
w^omen, as his wife. Some time after this^ there 
Tell on Sparta a sore fiamine, from which the Del- 
phian oracle said that they could be delivered only 
by bringing back the bones of the children of 
Prometheus. For this purpose, Menelaiis, the 
king, came to Ilion, and returned with Paris, who 
saw the beautiful Helen at Sparta, and winning 
lier love, carried her away to Troy. 

(566) How did Menelaiis bear the loss of 
Helen? 

He determined to rescue her from Paris, and 
he invited Agamemnon, king of Mykense, and 
other great chieftains, to take part in the expedi- 
tion. 

(567) Mention the names of some of these 
chiefs? 

Nestor, the wise ruler of Pylos ; Ajax the son 
of Telamon; Ascalaphos and lalmenos, sons of 
Ar6s; Diomedes, son of Tydeus, and Admetus, 
the husband of AlkSstis. But the greatest of all 
was Achilles, the son of Peleus and the sea- 
nymph Thetis, and Odysseus, the son of Laertes 
who ruled in Ithaca. 

(568) How did they go to Troy ? 

By sea ; but the fleet was becalmed in Aulis, 
and Calchas, the seer, affirming that this was 



158 MANUAL OF MYTHOLOGY. 

caused by the anger of Artemis for the slaughter 
of a stag in her sacred grove, declared that she 
could be appeased only by the sacrifice of Iphi- 
geneia, the daughter of Agamemnon.^ 

(569) Was this 3acrifice made? 

Yes, according to the Homeric stpry; but 
others said that Artemis herself rescued Iphige- 
neia, who became a prie^stess of the goddess: 
others again said that Artemis and Iphigeneia 
were the same person. 

(570) What was the consequence of this deed? 
Ate, who takes vengeance for the shedding of 

innocent blood, brooded over the house of Aga^ 
memnon, until she had brought about the death 
of the king by the hands of his wife ClytaB- 
mnestra, and the death of Clytaemnestra by the 
hands of her son Orestes. 

(571) What was the prophecy of Calchas, when 
Iphigeneia was sacrificed ? 

He said that the Achaians would fight in vain 
for nine years, but that in the tenth year Hion 
would be taken. 

(572) By whom was Troy defended ? 
Chiefly by Hector, son of Priam, and brother of 

Paris, aided by the chiefs of neighbouring cities, 
among whom were ^neas, the son of Anchises 






THE TALE OF TROT. 169 

Qcl Aphrodite ; Paodarus^ the son of Lycaon^ and 
earer of the bow of Apollo ; and Sarpedon, who, 
ith his friend Glaucus, led the Lycians from the 
anks of the eddying Xanthos. 

(573) What is the story of Sarpedon ? 

Like Achilles, Meleagros, Sigurd, and other 
eroes, he is doomed to an early death, which 
3eus, his father, vainly strives to avert. Fighting 
ravely, he was smitten by the spear of Patroclos, 
he friend of Achilles, and the tears of Zeus (the 
ky) fell in big drops of rain at his untimely fate, 
'hen Phoebus bathed the body of Sarpedon in 
he pure waters of Simoeis, and Hupnos and 
'hanatos bore it, at the bidding of Zeus, through 
be still hours of night, to his home far away in 
iycia.* 

(574) What is the meaning of this story ? 
Sarpedon is a name springing from the same 

oot with Hermes, Helen, Erinys, Saranyu, and 
erpent, and denotes the morning light as it 
reeps across the sky. Like Phoebus, he is king 
f Lycia (the bright land, a name belonging to 
be same class with Delos, Ortygia, Argos, Ar- 
adia, Athens, Phoenicia, and Ethiopia), through 
^hich flows Xanthos, the golden stream of light, 
[ence his friend is called Glaucos, the brilliant 

' ' Sarpedon/ Gods and HeioeB, p. Vl^, 



160 HiLNUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

The death of Saxpedon, and the carrying of his 
body home during the night, answer to the 
nightly voyage of Helios in his golden cup or 
vessel along the stream of Ocean which flows 
round the world of men; and the same idea, 
slightly altered, is found in the voyage of the 
Argonauts for the golden fleece, or sunlight, 
which has been stolen away. 

(575) Is there any other Trojan hero who 
closely resembles Sarpedon ? 

Yes. Like him, Memnon, the son of Eos (the 
morning), whose jealousy causes the death of th( 
beautiful Procris, comes from ^Ethiopia, the glis- 
tening land.^ Like him, he is doomed to an earlj 
death, and when he is smitten by the hand o 
Achilles, the tears of Eos fall as morning dev 
from the sky. Then she went and stood before 
Zeus, and besought him to bring Memnon up fron 
Hades. Zeus granted her prayer, and Memnoi 
accordingly rose with Eos to Olympus, as the sui 
rises from the dark land of night in the morning 

(576) Who was the father of Memnon ? 
Tithonos, whose couch, as the mythical phras 

went, Eos left every morning to bring back daj 
light to the sons of men. Eos obtained for hir 
the boon of immortality, but as she forgot to as! 



THE TALB OP TROY. 161 

for perpetual youth, Tithonos became decrepit, 
Etnd was doomed to an everlasting old age. 

(577) What is the story of Achilles in the 
Xrojan war ? 

In all its main features it is a counterpart of 
that of Meleagros, which, with other similar tales, 
seems to have furnished the foundation for the 
more finished Homeric legend. 

(578) What is the subject of the Iliad ? 
It professes to relate the wrath of Achilles. 

(579) What was the cause of this wrath ? 
Achilles loved Briseis, whom Agamemnon, when 

forced to restore Chryseis to her father, took 
away from the hero's tent. Enraged at this act, 
Achilles made a solemn vow that he would no 
longer take part in the war, and told the chiefs 
that they would speedily feel his absence from 
the battle-field. 

(580) Was this prediction fulfilled ? 

Not according to the poem, which, as a whole, 
is now called the Iliad ; for it goes on to show, 
through many books, that the Achaian heroes got 
on perfectly well without Achilles, and obtained 
great victories over the Trojans. 

(581) What are we to conclude from this con- 
tradiction ? 

That the poem called the Iliad coii«»iata q£ ^<^ 



163 ' MANUAL OF UTTHOLOGT. 

poems which have been strung together^ and that 
the one poem relates the exploits of the Achaian 
chiefs, and is really the Iliad, while the other 
describes the wrath of Achilles, and is really the 
AchillSis. 

(582) Was the wrath of Achilles appeased ? 
Not until the Achaians had been brought to 

great distress, and were compelled to b^ humbly 
for his aid. 

(583) How did the other chie& venture near 
Achilles in his terrible anger ? 

Odysseus and others went with Phoenix at their 
head, and Phoenix, who had been the teacher of 
Achilles in his boyhood, recited to him the story 
of Meleagros, as an example of the wretched evil 
which inordinate anger brings with it. 

(584) Does this appease Achilles ? 

No ; he insists that Agamemnon, who did him 
the wrong, should make atonement by humble 
submission, and by the restoration of Briseis. 

(585) Was this submission made? 

Not immediately; and the disasters of the 
Achaians so troubled Patroclos, the friend of 
Achilles, that he went to the hero and besought 
him to let him go forth in his chariot and with 
his armour to fight the Trojans. 

(586) Did Achilles grant this prayer ? 



THE TALE OF TROT. 163 

Yes ; but he gave him at the same time strict 
barge to fight in the plain, and not to drive his 
bariot against the city. 

(587) Was this command obeyed ? 

Not thoroughly; and thus Patroclos, after 
laving slain Sarpedon, was himself overpowered 
ind killed by Hector, who stripped off from his 
)ody the glistening armour of Achilles. 

(588) How did Achilles receive the tidings of 
lis death ? 

He tore his hair, and rending his clothes, lay 
lown weeping in the dust. That which prayers 
md entreaties had been unable to obtain, was 
vrung from him by his overpowering grief and 
rage. Achilles swore to take vengeance against 
Eector, and to sacrifice twelve Trojan youths on 
Jie funeral pile of his friend. 

(589) But how could he go to fight without 
lis armour? 

At the prayer of Thetis, Hephaestus forged 
[dm a new suit, which bore him aloft like a bird 
upon the wing, and his spear and sword were still 
in his tent, for these no mortal hands might wield 
but those of Achilles. 

(590) What warning did Thetis give to her 
3on, when he swore to take the life of Hector ? 



M 2 



164 MANUAL OF MYTHOLOGY. 

She told him that his own death would soon 
follow that of Hector. 

(591) What was the answer of Achilles? 

He said that he was well content to die the 
death of Heracles, if only Hector died before him. 

(592) Was this the only warning received by 
Achilles ? 

No. When he mounted his chariot, and bade 
his immortal steeds bring him back safe from the 
battle-field, the horse Xanthos bowed his head, 
and told him that his life was nearly done. 

(593) What effect had the reappearance of 
Achilles ? 

At the glance of his eye and the sound of his 
voice, the Trojans were filled with fear, and they 
trembled as the Myrmidons, the followers of 
Achilles, rushed to the battle like wolves with 
blood-red jaws greedy for the carnage.^ 

(594) What was the issue of the fight? 
After fighting bravely. Hector fell, pierced 

with the unerring lance of Achilles, who trampled 
on his body, and having tied it to his chariot, 
dragged it furiously along the ground, until none 
could have recognised in the mangled features the 
beautiful face of Hector. 

(595) Did this appease the wrath of Achilles? 



TfiB TALE OP TROT. 165 

No. The death of Hector, and the restoration 
of Briseis, pure as when she had been taken away, 
would not satisfy him. His vow must be fulfilled, 
and the blood of twelve Trojan youths ran red 
on the altar of sacrifice in the funeral games of 
Patroclos. 

(596) What became of the body of Hector ? 
His father, the aged Priam, guided by Hermes, 

came to Achilles, and embracing his knees, prayed 
for the body of his child, over which Phoebus 
Apollo had spread his golden shield to keep away 
all unseemly things. So the body of Hector was 
borne back to Ilion, where his wife Andromache 
bitterly bemoaned her loss, and all the Trojans 
wept for him who had fought for them so bravely. 

(597) What is the sequel of the story? 

At this point the poem called the Iliad comes 
to an end ; but from the Odyssey we learn that 
Achilles was slain by Paris and Phoebus Apollo at 
the Skaian or western gates, and that Thetis with 
her sea-nymphs, rose from the water, and wrapped 
his body in shining robes, and after many days 
the Achaians placed it on the funeral pile. His 
ashes were laid in a golden urn wrought by 
Hephaestus, and over it a great cairn was raised, 
that men might see it afar off as they sailed on 
the hroad Hellespontos. 



166 l[A5rAL OF IfTTHOLOGT. 

(598) What does the name < broad' applied to 
the Hellespont show ns ? 

That the Hellespontos of the Hiad is not fhe 
narrow strait between Sestos and Abydos, but fhe 
name of a wide sea, so called probably from a 
people named Helli or Selli, who lived on its 
shores^ or crossed it in their migration from the 
east to the west. 

(599) Was the death of Achilles the end of the 
war? 

No. The Achaians had still to fight on nntU 
the tenth year was completed. They then took 
Ilion and burnt it, and Priam and his people were 
slain, Paris himself, smitten with the poisoned 
arrows of Philoctetes, fled to Ida, where, as he 
lay dying, (Enone appeared before him, beautiful 
and loving as ever. But though her love might 
soothe him, it could not heal a wound made by 
the weapons of Heracles. So Paris died on Ida, 
and (Enone also died upon his funeral pile, 

(600) What is this wonderful siege of Troy? 
It is * a repetition of the daily siege of the 

east by the solar powers that every evening are 
robbed of their brightest treasures in the west.' 

(601) What is the treasure stolen in the 
Iliad? 

HeleUy whose name is ttie ^Tc\e as the Indiau 



ITHB TALE OF TROT. 167 

^arama, the dawn^ from which the name Hermeias 
t)r Hermes is likewise derived. 

(602) Is the name of Paris also found in the 
old Sanskrit poems ? 

Yes ; he is there called Pani, the deceiver, who, 
when Sarama comes seeking the cows of Indra, 
beseeches her to remain with him. This Sarama 
refuses, but she accepts from him a drink of 
milk; this passing disobedience of Sarama to 
the commands given to her is the germ of that 
unfaithfulness of Helen, which causes the Trojan 
war. 

(603) Are any other names common to the 
Greek and Indian legends ? 

Yes. Achilles is the solar hero Aharyu; while 
Briseis, who is one of the first captives taken by 
the Achaians, is the ofiFspring of Brisaya, conquered 
by the bright powers, in the Veda, before they can 
recover the treasures stolen by Pani. 

(604) What is especially remarkable in this 
tale of the Trojan war ? 

The blending of different ideas. For, as stealing 
Helen from the western Sparta, or as abetting in 
this theft, Paris and all the Trojans represent the 
dark powers of night who steal away the beautiful 
twilight from the western sky. But in the lives 
of many of the Trojan chiefs, as in that of Paxk 



168 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

himself^ we have a repetition of the life of 
Meleagros, Sigurd^ and other solar heroes. 

(605) In what respects do they resemble each 
other ? 

As Heracles is compelled to serve Eurysthens, 
and Perseus has to do the bidding of Polydectes, 
so Achilles declares that he fights in no quarrel of 
his own, and that all the spoils won by his spear 
go to Agamemnon and his allies. Like Phoebus, 
Perseus, Theseus and others, he has an unerring 
spear, and his sword slays all on whom it falls. 
He loves Briseis, but is soon parted from her, as 
Sigurd is parted from Brynhild. 

(606) What is the vow of Achilles when Briseis 
is taken from him ? 

Achilles swears to help the Achaians no longer : 
in other words, the sun hides his face behind the 
dark cloud ; and as the golden rays are no longer 
seen when the face of the sun is hidden, so the 
Myrmidons no longer appear on the battle-field 
when their chief hangs up his spear and shield 
within his tent 

(607) Why are the Myrmidons compared to 
wolves ? 

For the same reason which suggested the idea 
that Lycaon and his sons were changed into 
wolves. The Greek 'word iMkol, vjolves, is the 
same in sound wit\iL.e\ik>o\,bTxllxaut\ ^^A^*^^ 



THE TALE OF TBOT. 169 

rays of the sun would be called Leukoi^ so, when 
the meaning of the phrase had been in part for- 
gotten, the Myrmidons, who are simply the sun's 
rays, were compared to wolves, with gleaming 
eyes and blood-red jaws. 

(608) What is Patroclos ? 

A feeble reflexion of the splendour of Achilles, 
and standing to him precisely iu the relation of 
Fhaethon to Helios, or of Telemachus to Odys- 
seus. 

(609) How is this shown ? 

As Phaethon must not whip the horses of He- 
lios, so Patroclos must not drive the horses of 
Achilles on any other path than that which has 
been pointed out to him. Both disobey, and both 
are slain. 

(610) What is the struggle which follows the 
death of Patroclos ? 

The battle which the clouds fight over the sun, 
whose light they have for a time put out. 

(611) What is the vengeance of Achilles ? 

The victory of the sun, when, at the end of a 
stormy day, he comes forth from the mists, and 
tramples on the clouds which have veiled his 
splendours. The streams of human blood poured 
on the altar of sacrifice are the torn and crimsoned 
clouds which stream up into the ]j\it^\^ \i^"w^^\\. 
at eventide. 



170 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(612) Why is the body of Patroclos preserve! 
from corruption ? 

Because, although Heracles may die in th 
arms of loIS, the tale always speaks of them 8 
conquerors in the end over the powers which seei 
to subdue them; and hence Thetis assure 
Achilles, that, even if Patroclos lay unburied fc 
a year, his face should wear at its close a moi 
glorious and touching beauty. 

(613) What is the restoration of Briseis? 

It is the return of Iol6 to Heracles, of (Enoi 
to Paris, and of Brynhild to Sigurd. 

(614) What is the conflict which precedes tl 
death of Hector ? 

The mighty battle of the vapours and the su 
who seems to trample on the darkness, just ; 
Achilles tramples on the body of Hector : and 
this victory of the sun is gained just as he 
sinking into the sea, so the death of Achilles 
said to follow very soon after that of Hector. 

(615) On the death of Achilles, the Trojans ai 
Achaians are said to fight furiously over his bod 
Why is this ? 

Because the idea which suggested this story 
that of a stormy evening, when the clouds seem 
fight over the dead sim. 

(616) What laave ^e to \e,^x\i ^tom all this ? 



THE TALE OF TROY. 171 

That the chief incidents of the story, and 
even the main features in the character of the 
chief heroes, were handed down ready-made for 
the Homeric poets. They might leave out this 
or that incident, but they were not free to 
alter the character of any. Thus they must 
describe Achilles as fighting in a quarrel which 
was not his own, — as robbed of Briseis, — as 
furious with rage and grief at her loss, — as 
hiding himself in his tent, — as sending out Patro- 
clos instead of appearing himself in the battle- 
field, — as shedding the blood of human victims 
near the funeral pile of his friend, — and as dying 
early after his bright but troubled career. 

C617) Does this fact explain anything further? 

It explains the whole character of Achilles, 
which, regarded as that of an Achaian chief, is 
untrue, not only to their national character, but 
to human nature.* His character, as drawn in 
the Hiad, is not only not Achaian, it is inhuman. 
There is no evidence that Achaian chiefs visited 
on the innocent the wrong doings of the guilty ; 
that they had no sense of duty, and no sympathy 
for the sufiferings of those who had never injured 
them; that they ofifered human sacrifices, or 
that they mangled the corpses of brave enemies 

* Thebes and Argoa, p. 94. 



173 MANUAL OF UnHOLOGT. 

vrhom they had slain. But, although we ba^e ■ '^■ 
no evidence that Achaian chiefs ever did fsoA |s^ 
tilings^ such stories could not £Edl to spring up 
when phrases which had at first denoted only the 
varying action of the sun were r^arded as leb- 
ting the deeds of human beings. 



THE RETURN OF THE HEROES FROM 

TROY. 

(618) What is the return of the heroes from 
Troy? 

An event answering precisely to the return of 
Jason and his comrades from Colchis. These 
bring back the golden fleece, as Menelaiis returns 
with Helen to Sparta. 

(619) Are these legends uniform and consistent? 

Only so far as they represent the heroes return- 
ing from the east to the west. Otherwise the 
incidents, and the names of persons and places, 
are changed almost at will. The tombs of 
Odysseus, iEneas, and many others, were shown in 
many and different places, for it was as easy to 
take them to one coxMitxy ^s to another. 



BETUBN OF THE HEROES FBOM TBOT. 173 

(620) Who is the most important of these 
nrtaming chieftains ? 

Odysseus, the tale of whose wanderings is given 
ia the Odyssey, and whose story exactly reproduces 
that of Heracles and Perseus. 

(621) Why should this be so? 

Because the return from Troy to Achaia repre- 
sents the journey of the day from the east to the 
west, 

(622) How can this be shown ? 

As Indra soon loses sight of Dahana, as CEdipus 
in his infancy is parted from locaste, as Sigurd 
has to leave Brynhild almost as soon as he wins her, 
as Orpheus is parted from Eurydice, and Achilles 
from Briseis, so Odysseus soon after wedding 
Penelope has to leave her, in order to go to the 
Trojan war; and when Helen is won back from 
Paris, he journeys again, like the sun, from the 
east to his home in the west. 

(623) What is the character of his journey? 
It is full of strange changes of happiness and 

misery, of successes and reverses, ending in com- 
plete victory, as the lights and shadows of a 
stormy and gloomy day are often scattered by the 
sun, whose glory they have so long hidden. 

(624) What do we gather from this ? 

That Odysseus is a counterpart of Achilles^ 



174 ICANUAL OF KITROJJO€ST. 

whose career is repeated substantially in fhat 
of the chief of Ithaca, the main difference being 
that Achilles is as the sun in his strength, wIuIb 
the character of Odysseus is that of PhoBbiUy 
Asklepios, lamos and Medea, the possessors of a 
marvellous and superhuman wisdom. 

(625) What is the leading idea in the mind of 
Odysseus ? 

An intense desire and yearning to be united 
again with his wife, whom he left long ago in the 
bloom of her youthful beauty. Thus, although as 
he journeys homewards he is oflen tempted to 
tarry in his course, he cannot be made to give up 
his purpose. 

(626) Why is this ? 

Because Helios or the Sun cannot turn aside 
from the course marked out for him, whether in 
his daily or his yearly round. 

(G27) What were the first dangers encountered 
by Odysseus on his return to Ithaca ? 

His first conflict was with a people called 
Kakones (Cicones), of Ismarus, who destroyed six 
men out of every ship in his fleet. Thence he 
came to the land of the Lotophagi, who spend their 
life in a delicious dream, eating the fruit of thi 
lotos, which makes all who taste it forget their 
homes. Here Odysseus had to bind some of his 



BETUBN OF THE HEROES FROM IBOY. 175 

men, who disobeyed his warning not to touch 
the fruit, and to drag them away to their ships. 
A terrible storm next carried him to the land of 
the Cyclopes, giants with a single eye in the midst 
of their foreheads. 

(628) What was his adventure in this region? 
With several of his companions, Odysseus 

entered a cave in which were stored up large 
supplies of milk and cheese; but before they 
could make their escape, the Cyclops Polyphemus, 
son of Poseidon, entered and shut the entrance 
with a great rock which they could not move. 
The fire which he lit showed the forms of Odys- 
seus and his men, two of whom Polyphemus 
cooked and devoured. After some more had 
been thus eaten, Odysseus and his men blinded 
the Cyclops by thrusting a burning fir pole into 
his eye ; and then tying his men under the rams 
of the Cyclops, he made his escape with them 
when Polyphemus opened the door of the cave.^ 

(629) How did he escape the other giants? 
When Polyphemus asked his name, Odysseus 

told him that it was Cutis, or Nobody. Hence when 
the other Cyclopes came to ask Polyphemus why 
he roared so loud, he told them that Nobody was 

> * Odysseus and Polyphemus,' Tales from Greek Mythology, 
p. 47. 



176 MANUAL OF MYTHOLOGY, 

doing him harm, and they, thinking that there 
was nothing the matter, went away to their own 
homes. 

(630) What was his next adventure ? 

Having escaped with difficulty from the canni- 
bal Lsestrygonians, he came to ^sea, where the 
lady Kirke (Circe) turned many of his men into 
swine, but was compelled to restore them to their 
human shape by Odysseus, who had received from 
Hermes a herb which made the charms of Kirke 
powerless.* 

(631) Were his dangers now ended ? 

No. Kirke warned him against greater perils 
from the Seirens, who sate in their cool green 
caves, enticing the passing mariners to come and 
rest and forget all their toil and trouble.* They 
who yielded to the spell of their sweet music were 
dashed to pieces on the rocks. Odysseus there- 
fore stuffed his sailors' ears with wax, but as he 
wished to hear their song, he had hinaself bound 
tightly to the mast; and thus he was carried 
safely past the danger, although he struggled hard 
to get free, as the echoes of their lulling music 
rose softly through the hot and breathless air. 
After this he lost many men, who were devoured 

* • Odysseus and Circe,* Tales from Greek Mythology, p. 60. 
' * Odysseus and the Se\ienaJ Vb. ^. ^9, 



^gb& subked ttbesfii ^Gikn in their hafiid^Mp^Ii^.^ 
19i£i! rtet^erei lost m w ai&ntFdSbet? %H<^5: Ihftd^ t^w 
^(h!Bs&i0f #e:clatlt6r efoSetilds^wliom' 2^116^ 
antai'LamoqpetieyiUbieiri^A^^d ^^€8^&}<lil^id!ai9^lLtt^fd^ 

Od^ssehss'^iaftajiitosshig^iftboatnfcu' ='hot]:1B^ ihl»> 
hcoidii^^sea^i^ tiairowiL hUfrdeod ron tlne/iilio)^ df 
Qgj^igiaL rHean&itfaetifaeaiiliM (Mypf^^ tdti^^ }Jitb< 
lovingly in her cave, and kepiihiti' ^^Qi'sevet' 
years^' -idthdi^li Ihs) loii^efl 3once'4sigaifijIt<i<^?>e^ 'at 
h(xadB.-iJ AtiMhgtb^iBLmn^s 4!6mmai^ded^l)ieif to^^ let 
him^^b^i aioid s^ tilke^^jhelped'fakn) tolfaiiMi^ ira^^^ 
which«.(3arriedhimjsome^^i^Jai^r(ii8 tbensfea'; btifc 
eiSkoihik'-Aarm^ i-vif^h^&AJ^i^ kid Ii(6r- W£ts^ 

tUrowBr rble^diiiigi -i and"" ^emseless ^ oni th&^Aovi^^ 6f 

..46B2) What njcxihalppeiwed'ti) htHi?'""I ^ Jiv/ :^ 
..Oui6Qa!ningto'yiii8elf:/h^'l|e£bdUh€i^n^6^^ 
of .gii-le idio Mere playing [oA tlie^beii^tf %Igte iHW 
clothes which they TOifihcid •4^^Tef>dtyiiigC ^^^%^ 
were maidens who "had ceme'lritb^Naflliidaiay'the 
baa^tiiUl "daughter lofMngiAIMndtii ^nd^Md ^ife 
AirttSi "i^^huided by her, 'Qtiyis^>a'<'mooi^'i^ 1^- 
faiier'Sipalaiie^.Jwhichi stood in a glo!?fo{i8:^ftddeji'^ 

: -.' ':i 1 *^ *'Th^ Catti^^of'Hetios'/ (^m and •:ke^^ p. ^L'' -' ' ' 
. , . *. * Odyssens an4 Calyp80i*Jjk)id,,p».265i - ; t • ' 



178 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

where the leaves never faded and the fruits glis- 
tened on the branches the whole year round. But 
more lovely than all was Nausicaa in her gentlenefls 
and purity.* Here Odysseus was kindly tended, 
and the king offered him his daughter as a wife; 
but Odysseus had only one longing, which was 
once more to see Penelope after his long absence 
of twenty years, and so he was brought in a Phsea- 
kian ship to the shore of Ithaca, where he landed 
alone and in disguise. 

(633) In what state did he find his home? 
He learned from his swineherd Eumseus that 

his father Laertes was living in squalid misery; 
that a crowd of chiefs who came as suitors to 
Penelope had taken up their abode in his house, 
where some of his servants were in league with 
them to devour his substance ; and that Penelope, 
having promised to give them an answer when 
her web was finished, put them off continually by 
undoing at night that portion of the web which 
she had woven during the day. 

(634) How did Odysseus act? 

He entered his own hall disguised as a beggar, 
and when provoked by some of the suitors, he 
challenged them to stretch a bow which hung upon 
the wall. This was the bow of Odysseus, which 

^ ' Odysseus and NauBicaa,' Tales from Greek Mythology, p. 76. 



KETUBN OF THE HEROES FROM TROT. 179 

he alone was able to stretch. Thus they strove 
in vain to bend it, but when the beggar put forth 
his hand to seize it, the thunder of Zeus was 
heard in the heaven, and the suitors began to 
fall beneath the unerring arrows; but Telema- 
chus had left the chamber-door ajar, and many 
of the chiefs, seizing the weapons which they 
found there, pressed hard upon Odysseus. Odys- 
seus himself they could not hurt, but Tele- 
machus was wounded, though not mortally like 
Patroclos. At this crisis Athena came to his aid, 
and scared them with her dazzling ^gis. The 
corpses of the suitors were thrust away like refuse ; 
but on the body of Melanthios, the son of Dolios, 
Odysseus wreaked his full rage, as Achilles 
trampled on the body of Hector. Lastly, he 
summoned all the women who had abetted the 
suitors, and hung them up on a beam across his 
great hall. He was then united again with Pene- 
lope, for whom he had made the beautiful bridal 
chamber long years ago, and here he rested in 
after the great slaughter. 

(635) What other story does this tale closely 
resemble ? 

It is the counterpart of the vengeance of Achil- 
leus. In both an excessive revenge is taken for a 
comparatively slight wrong. Indeed, in tbe casft. 

M 2 



1801 .loiiTwmj^LBiusi'^imiawsxjsr.v.^'nia 

of OdjRBseu^ theiWroii^tvstd^xsaikMM ki^heiidianB^ 

sioncdf Alif sujgbard intbxhid iionsb^li Lund o) nLs7 a 

' >(;636)oIs theiehaaraitesi6f QdjsseiBS tErtiebtcRAiafa 

of^tfaefi^Atobaiaailaica: hikoi?]iXLl,GTedU?drfi ai bimi 

A^i^hfa&adojdbt mh^mati.' ilOdj^seiui: Vii5s4poi8<tte3 

<<^a^'ry-'V\^t.hafW3 ^'to ltiatiiII»rit»1*Lis*iJ ->^vl. 

oii:^tegiurdiiig ia^ iaoUmimiiriaiuQdell^ ibieiignwhoBi 
stbrj "^as-^rofvin; iipi fronK] the i ptdrases i whcshr lie 3a 

:^(S38)iilHtkajiaardHel[:ibetWe©i tHertwdvetoiie^q 

It may be traced down.tethe/^mmutBsfei^arti 
cnlarsio BcD^b^iia^ecwdaiKmd^witiciL tben^Viloii^cl^ 
wield, both are aided by Athena, both^hkw* 
Patnxddfe'; ^niii^peiemacJlins * a jfainti'Teflebtion^Io 
their iown streiiigjl^h^ both /make: a;rv:o5wr to ^^xactiJ 

r "T . f ■ r 



' '<.•: !<^. .'■,'.-a.:l ,\;v"VJ! '.'^-'A!^ 'jl-^'u'f.' 



J- 



'iltoufi^Uu|[U^r»&^eikcaiiay'|['il)oth'ate me&Ay^Qir^' 
'^W^^')^ti^^^9 ^ftiif of-Jfchel'Btiag^le^iluidiibotli 

niii(fi&9>;iH8iioii8 KBEseEkope lanBovv^ i¥lh^f:Wfeb ? 

Penelope is the weaver, like Helioi im/fbestofejr 
soyi^eidk^f JbHt heo!w0fa^>a[ltftoiigfariofibeii liegim^ 6an- 
ai)t .(t^iifioluUied) iHii]it/^Od^^eusj;xctuQuiy becatde 
ith^iweibf i o£f movxiifigf i iidtocti o a*lBappiai»o liulyr -at 

' (nj(fflK))!iiWkai]f; \ daf o tkej 7mia.Qin|^ j ) <of ri tUci f ^ naine 

';ii[}Wh£diliisrol(}QHiiskBui^Gi2B^ re^ 
Ithe balli(jbi^Sie'kaarfed€&9k oailihise^e^^fbjrjtfhd' bite 
:of id^dEtr^jbiadeaEd^ ydtith^isheil^lB iiiBi;ii^dblke 
received his name Odysseus^ toi'Q|:fHre88ltbdi&i»b^^ 
rgtCBeraU]^ feliofairilQ^ graiki£EVth6f> Autfo/fydi&l <^)) 

(641) Is this interpretation coTT^^1i\MiiV)<'y\ 
7 [iOMn haiilef .'niii^eipbs^bl^^beJ'iiioxf^edtM^^/wf^^ a 
-6irdekNerh('i(Uhiseroii3di^') ml^aMng^tol'de ^^ti^i)^; 
jUiit) Use) wfayi bf abeooptingi feiiit 'ib>m>i?(lliiili[|tli(ltig. 
>Tliefniil^es.^eq!xIafiii)i'4hei03elv^.' iEui-yM€ti!^'>^l]!ke 
! SiuyanasBs^iEkivopa^iaiJd: naiixr^ iotherd;> i^ diimj^y 
-amaiiiL&jfbr fheidarcimi, wiio id JtlnVnd^ df the^i^ii ; 
andtbeoboaHs Wound: is iepedted:: exactly* i^i the 
Btoi^friidfiAdonisulJ ^Pl6:naI^e\A\lii!^l^xuikl»^<<^^ 



182 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

like that of Lycaon, denotes simply light, while 
Odysseus is the angry sun, who hides himself 
behind the thick clouds. Thus disguised, he ap- 
proaches his home, the darkness being greatest 
just before the beginning of the last strife. 

(642) Do any other names in the story explain 
themselves ? 

Many, if not most of them, do. Thus OdyBseos 
has a dog Argus (the white or shining), the 
same hound, in fact, which appears by the side of 
Artemis, in the legend of Procris. The servants 
who aid the suitors, have such names as Melan- 
thius and Melantho, the black, the children of 
Dolios, the treacherous darkness; and the name 
of Telemachus, like those of Telephos and 
Telephassa, represents the far-shooting light of 
Phoebus Hecaergos. 

(643) What do we learn generally from such 
resemblances ? 

That the phrases which described the infinitely 
various aspects of the outer world furnished in- 
exhaustible materials for legends which could be 
expanded into splendid epic poems. The Ho- 
meric poets worked with marvellous success on 
these materials, which also furnished the frame- 
work for the great epic poems of other countries, 
— this fact being piovei. Xi^ >3ti^ ^&\,Q\i\shing co- 



BETUBN OF THE HEBOES FBOM TBOT. 188 

incidences^ in minute incidents, as well as in 
aames and characters, between the Iliad and Odys- 
jey, the Lay of the Nibelungs, and the Persian 
epic of Firdusi. 

(644) Are any historical facts mixed up with 
iliese tales of Paris, Helen, Achilles, and Odys- 
seus? 

We are not justified in thinking so. We know 
:hat most of the incidents belonging to these 
jtories never could have taken place: we know 
:hat Aphrodite and Athena never mingled in 
3attles with mortal men, and that the armour of 
ID Achaian chief was ever forged on the anvil of 
Hephaestus. We may, if we please, strike out all 
:he marvellous events in the story, and make up 
:he account of a war, without Thetis and Helen, 
>r Sarpedon and Memnon, or Xanthos and 
[lalios : we shall then have (as in the preface of 
rhucydides) the account of something which may 
lave taken place, but which we have no warrant 
vhatever for regarding as historical fact. The 
lames and incidents of the myth belong to the 
beautiful cloud-land 

Where Ilion, like a mist, rose into towers,' 

md it is labour lost to search in Europe or Asia, 

' Tennyson's TiUionxi&. 



\%^ .Y':[i iiUiiiiJ4j/'0r'-Jcnnoix>OTa7T2^ 

.TMnf^ki^iuAiicadia^ and £t)Uapia^'.ri^^ ^EUia 
gloom^ along the blue seas of hesJmLi'rl to oiq? 

fl '■:: :[:i L:a:::\ -Jvii"' l:.A-l^ '.--'l.I /:f;: yiA (M-8) 

- ;!«..» I.'.^ii ,^ ji'i'.bA ^cro!*:)!! ,>htM "lo p.t»fi;t essifl 
v:. ■.:.-[ 'j''^ .0^ i.:r>Iiii::t iii \)jhi>.iti loa ots o7f 

:plete.tiie> Ji&t ofib^gs-^aXi^id^ m^<ih€fi«^ti6gf 

iaf the Gttiseks?"'' ■''••: •/' "-'^ r-y-^'^ •'''^^ .p.jjt>^.xil(pK 
... N6.:irlii: 4idditten-i6 4}ie OiJrmpiaii*'gt«fii ^ifed 

the flyiiastieihetde^'of itHd^ ©r&^k* citi^^/^fliiftte^ 
Ivery manj ^i&mes^ mfm^of^Ym}^^ nilQ^'b^'^^t^as^ 
itogefcheFj' bxit whicfe caiahot tfefsttiil tcy^hAve^'ttay 
Npaj^hiffialv/hMofcy^i!' 3M"iiilyi'<rf'' tb«lfe^lMfei''i^^ 
3object«r im tibeAataral^Wcjrld/ taga^flM-^SK-hdffiig 
ftJa'^ conBcioiisnessiofliistnsai beitt^ '-''^ i-ii7jn:if ■ 
•,;<a46)i(M6n[ti60isome*dmgd trfthls feitid^>aTC-i 
The Hamadryads, njmphi>mM^i^dt^k&]^p(9ffA 

to live a^4^^^^i%ithe.^re^rt^,:^ were 

attached; and the Oreads, or, nyniphs. of r the 

ThoiintiEiins; 

(647) WhoYferetiaeH-yfii^'S' 



Daughters of Atl&»iifibdHJBtigLitf^ii^(](r.i8!>also 
^{iifltU^Bdf i/rUeBetLs;>iivy^^^ to 

desAy:HtQisbflaadj[ ae[nd3 Mtii['^I«ljd^terrrbfo'«tc^rs 
which betoken rain. S (rniil at od7/ (1 gc); 

Giij(648)nWhb wDfeQMMBtiHeHades^)':*^^ erb nl 
&8^fl9a3jght£irsIi>£[IMs^9awb€fawept(iteagfi of/amhied: 
lodiBthBT^diJaidi ctff^k^ brotb^f habth!^(ooor> oJv; 
b3[(&^9)dWi]kiKfsc)eregthdi€^i^aiite6r^'iir gi^bti^) >oI< 

In the Homeric poems, they are the^^GfciiapiB 
who dwell in ThmfaWkpiiiwi^HjeMii ^ej))are 
Jii^i^ |)]36Mdedbb3JjtUeibiobd,C[^rOnraairost^hfid'fen) 
taMiyasgi'SS^JIBrh^^ to Th^'^jaisiwbrtitarihe 

Trolls, obf^j>ibigiaota'jQf si0cth^)Dn/im]^hel£gj^K]:j^ 

(650) Who wereStfcaiAfoato?'n> oiiV/ (Oe,(j) 
.ooIEnm ^iaDLt^ijn9»m^(Pt^08^:iAndi(E{d!iiaMeb^t^ns 
^Q£(iBi»fii(iKin;^j¥f^eieo<isaJled <(frbmi dEi2d£^'&4;hi9aili- 
ingrfloiOr ^as^pfiasiesaHigf tbeistreHgth rof ^miiistdnes. 

"i^'B^mUdBja^i meiuaingith^ 'S7lin(:26r^i^£^.9^y»i9l1;o 
,jE4«ES^»^ale4 ^ifMr^.a<»)i$lof (P&8!&id^m;b In-^aar^jd- 
itfr//^li^jMi^i!l5eiljb[> *fe^/ftThoii;M^airoftfo]^j(Ji«e 

-.nOtf^hoJ^JgJ^ olni In'^^juid'-) Li££ niojil '{J nyj*-.' ■: 
-cs,{^5^^jW^gi'yfi8i^Uoi^i&^h ojiiu odi 'to soms-.^i 

• , A\^h§ jftQtt o^( A^wite> aiad^ Eos^jeomMoij^y Jwia*a 
^)tl^(gj5d(:il©8/Lt^i^.,nQrtl(^ iwlti)d.iji ..IHa: T^ifebWas 
^C>r^ii^a,^vda\^b.%r . ofs'v^rerfath^USi i»ttd ^i«^r, of 



186 XANUiX OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(653) What was Erebus? 

The offspring of Chaos, who dwelt in the gloomy 
space through which the souls passed to HadeL 

(654) Who is Enyo ? 

In the theogony of Hesiod, she is one of the 
Graiae. By others she is described as a goddesB 
who accompanies Ares and delights in havoc and 
bloodshed. Ares himself is sometimes called 
Enyalios. 

(655) Who were the Hirpies ? 

The storm winds, described in Hesiod as the 
beautiful daughters of Thaumas and Electra, bat 
represented as loathsome beings in Virgil. 

(656) Who are the Muses ? 

Goddesses of music, poetry, art, and science. 
They seem at first to have been three in number, 
and afterwards to have been increased to nine. 
They were also called Pierides, from Pieria, near 
Olympus ; but another legend says, that the Pier- 
ides were daughters of Pieros, king of Emathia, 
who, entering into a contest with the Muses, were 
beaten by them and changed into birds. The 
names of the nine muses are, Cleio (the pro- 
claimer), Euterpe (the charmer), Erato (the 
lovely), Thaleia (the joyous), Melpomene (the 
singer), Terpsichore (the enjoyer of dances), 
Po/ymnia (the lover of sougs^^ Urania (the 
heavenly)^ and Cattioipe (the beau\ivju\ •owAi«^ 



GBEEK MTTHIGAL FBBSONAGES. 187 

(657) Who was Orion ? 

A great hunter, loved by Artemis and Eos, and 
placed after his death among the stars. 

(658) What is Pallas ? 

A name given to Athena, probably as being the 
virgin goddess. 

(659) Who was Pan ? 

A deity who presided over flocks and herds, 
said by some to be a son of Hermes, born in 
Arcadia. He is represented with the head and 
breast of a man, and the lower parts of a goat. 
He is said to have journeyed through India with 
Dionysus, and, being once surrounded by enemies, 
to have been rescued by the shoutings of his men 
who thus scared them away. Hence the word 
panic to denote any sudden and vague terror. 
The name Pan is akin to the Sanskrit word 
for wind, Pavana, and probably to the Latin, 
Favonius. 

(660) Who are the Pleiades ? 

Seven daughters of Atlas and ^Ethra who wept 
themselves to death for the loss of their sisters, 
the Hyades. 

(661) Who was Eros? 

The god of love. In Hesiod, he is one of the 
primitive powers, along with Chaos, Gaia, and 
Tartarus. Later poets call him a son o^ Hara^'^^ 
or of Ares, and of Artemis or Ap\iiodi\^* 



lis .-/ i mniB ov irxboimt.. '- 

(662; Who was ProteoB? - : ''" 
; /iln Hbfi'Odpmeyrh&isBM old- man mk 
the seab ofi.BoaBidQii^ amLiiBei mki middi 
the sea to sleep iipon\tke dioieii .^He 1 

'fiEuiner Weatherskj ' of the Norsa^talesu';. 
(663) Who was Priap*sB/l --/:// o/i // » 

,>.L-H0 i«iioalUdril8CHV«f!iDUH^B|aa>d]id'4p 
(f0i4iiirl»,'Vorriiiit>P^ fls^.theodaude.otf fer 

Ar/i^^yfWhakiynmffBbjARfK.r. .r:i:j /; i'. 

,l^mrtii^MQi^(Of«Sro8 aod'Psych^^^ie;!^! 
i1[f^ 4)|i|^^tlisA'^>8herjftr niaivided /to. a n 

))^il0, J)f»#^|fl|ul|rl»itii» [drop t>£ roii jfalluagt )i 
JA)^ j^^!9^]6e^ £tosv:n?7]M>;firaaisfaes\iawa7 
jfttjfei ofilaoigrowictod/taioilble Psych^Ii^fi 
him again. The story is in part the sam 
of Beauty and tHd ;Bie2idt) add v&anyi <^h 
9f)Ht ^^ gwfel6riil)/6fifflQltt/fi HouflehpldiTi 

Zagreos seems to be a name for Dlosly/ 
is described as the hc^o<ed[childo(JP/Z 

;J^r^pbPIU?f 9if /i)i>iy.Ai nF . v .1 ':- ]• .■;. 

l)ii(6(5g);)Wb^:Wr^ JH^apeiruri? ,■■■. . ". r -. 



Besperides, who, with the Af^k^oWllisMiff, ^uaaM$bd 

2teiiift. fCto*he:^i4fe[(fcgbj4 Odyfifa^>il%^e^teith©^s^ 
k of Helen; but manyicAikm^j&ccoijt^^^ 

their parentage. £y^ei<]iiaMi»i^lyiilfu]^^nl\^ 

(668) Who were the Cabeiri? .vpjk jfeonquli 
Mystic deities, sS>HlIkjris[cntiid tov^berJ6Hil#en)of 
Hej^si^fo^jaDd'iil&beirMy ddLngii1^6fTcBv&t€9iis^lI 
,{669)iMho mereAbe Q^yhaui^jaMlBajtiP^M n 
Beings, seeming^ iDiC^tbe aaiaS hixsAiasxtl^eJCktii 
beiri. The Corybanteift /arej'Sfi^feBir^ ®fi'*§ i^dna))of 
ApMW..r>i[l^i Bhr^rgifAioi^qatyo^l Cybelafi^Are 
caIlb4d'3)actyE.xi':>boo7/ ori:^ "^{uiyimbn moil Rn;:f<ril' 
c(j676^e3A^'^w»afCyfefile;^^j Kjlwffieto bI!/:;// ot-^ 
iT&be7/LS^BiippQ8^(Ijito halTfe llmto^i$rtgfoa%i jt{|!ie< 
Phrygian goddess of the eafctlft euTbeinrCrr^kMi 
identified her with EB^jirflkia ^ibe «i[i&fRn(sr lWi)ih 

vlSidigoddfisscof groathi^iMii^^v^eriiigrito.tth^^fiitiaif 
Juventas. .'-mj;'!""- lo ^-nnrr '{-.770' 

(672) Who was Hyn$^;?n 1!") p.r/r oiJV/ ( :-t.)) 
,A Qhareekj<god fciffmnjarliigei \sf,»omQiQ^l^i aiS^n 



190 ICANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(673) Who was Iris? 

In the Homeric mythology Iris is, like Hermes, 
a messenger of the gods. In Hesiod she is a 
sister of the Harpies. According to others, she 
was the wife of 2jephyrus (the west wind), and 
mother of Eos (the morning). 

(674) Who was Morpheas ? 

The shaper of dreams. He is called a son of 
Hupnos, sleep, 

(675) Who was Granymedes? 

He is described, in the Homeric mythology, as 
a beautiful Trojan youth, who was taken to be 
the cupbearer of Zeus on Olympus. 

(676) Who was Laocoon ? 

A priest of Apollo, who tried to dissuade the 
Trojans from admitting the wooden horse withia 
the walls of Troy. Athena therefore sent two 
serpents who crushed him and his sons within 
their monstrous folds. 

(677) Who was Silenus ? 

An attendant of Dionysus, and leader of the 
Satyrs, beings who, like Pan, are represented as 
having human heads, arms and breasts, with the 
lower parts of goats. 

(678) Who was Charon ? 

The ferryman who conducted the souls of the 
dead across the Stygiaxi\^V^ -^ tKe iudgment-seat 



GBEEK KTTHICAL PERSONAGES. 191 

of MinoSy Bhadamanthus, and iEacus. He is called 
a son of Erebus. 

(679) Name the rivers of Hades. 

Acheron, Kokutos (Cocytus), Styx, Phlegethon 
or Pyriphlegethon, and Lethe. 

(680) What is the meaning of these names ? 
Acheron (like Achelous, Axius, Axe, Exe, Usk 

and very many others) means only water. Kokutos 
is the river of groans and tears; Styx is the 
hateful stream; Phlegethon or Pyriphlegethon 
the river of fire; and Lethe belongs, like Leto, 
and Leda the mother of the Dioscuri, to the 
land of Latmos, or forgetfulness and death. 

(681) Who was Kekrops or Cecrops ? 

The mythical founder of Athens, who is de- 
scribed as an autochthon, or indigenous hero, the 
upper part of his body being human, and the 
lower parts those of a dragon. Herse, the dew^ is 
assigned to him as a daughter. He is, in short, 
the counterpart of Erechtheus. The fancies of a 
comparatively late age brought him from Sais in 
Egypt; but there is nothing in the Greek mytho- 
logy which points to any connection with that 
country during the mythopoeic (or myth-making) 
ages. 



. -.- . [ i; i I 1 ' >-:y 7 ri *3 . ' 7 '.•::! ;..Z OT i\ 
• '] ,'/'.[ ,••"./- .'::'[/-/. ,-n'..'.ufoA sjifP) nuidiioA 

Romans xjprtegRqii^t^.Jfe^'t.Pl^® #e^l oJ: ^i 
The WrrPfOJefi J[^a1aR.iprt*^¥ipg7,??L<i¥ mi^, 

and, \^eTefpxe,{^ 8fl^«§ly,.1;^),^9ga5^^flgJ^, 

at all. _jj.,. ,; j ,,^. >....„;[jri)..,r,-K,"l •].) ,<ofi;T;.J l-i i;:i-' 
(683) Was there, i^^e^^^^^^voifi^fifgyjvi^ch 
wa8not,b9rxowed:i]»thjs.iv?ftj5,2.:, i.j.,i,[j,-„, .v.i' 

Yes.. |Befoj;e,_,t]^fii IjfttifK,fe\t)^,l^«l;.asyjW^efr 
coiirsei.^tb th^ Gfrep^ijS^jth^y.haclittiejy- ^^.d^tW- 
apd supen^turaji [beiflg^, s;1^8^ g^fw^.^ttests. 
the, worship ofjp pef>B|e>^flaj?lgy^ fi^fljii)p,iiJ4ipg 
the earth,, ,T:h^e dpiti^^cfe?^ ^l^ej?, ?^ftjj^jg„5f^; 
certaia qualities or. ji^jppsitiyjig !l^li^te4:r^#!pSt« 
hut: few or, H9,5top?ff ws?;f;<^lA 9^.ftfttjtitiem^ 
hence, when thtsy ,v^^ %<»wp.jM3j^;.^f eg^^U^g,; 
%y. .w^re. itejpp,ted,;,^M;|^,,,i4?ftt%„^e,,J^)^, 
gods with those of the Greeks, and then to trangi^; 
to the Latin deities all the legends which the 
Greeks related of their osvn mythical beings. 



JUPITER. 193 

(684) In so doing did they introduce any new 
eatures ? 

Very rarely. They were generally content with 
ssigning all the Greek legends to Latin gods, 
nth. which, in most cases, they had neither names 
Lor qualities in common; and thus the stories 
old of Hermes were related also of Mercury. 
Jut in one or two instances the character of the 
j-reek deity is altered for the worse. Thus, as 
he lovely Saranyu, or dawn, of India, became 
he dark and stern Erinys of the Greeks, so 
he Harpies who, in the Hesiodic poems, are the 
beautiful daughters of Thaumas and Electra^ are, 
a Virgil, foul birds of prey. 



JUPITER. 

(685) What is Jupiter ? 

This name, which corresponds exactly to the 
5eu8-pater of the Greek and the Dyaus-pitar of 
he Hindu, denotes the Supreme God ; but with 
be earlier Latins no mythical tales were attached 
o it, as in the Greek mythology. 

(686) Did the word still retain with them its 
►riginal meaning of heaven, or sky ? 

Yes ; they spoke of being ^ under th.^ c^cA^ ^x 





194 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

clear Jove/ and his Oscan name Lucerius, or 
Lucesius (akin to Lykegenes, as a name for 
Phoebus), points to the bright shining firmament. 

(687) Had Jupiter, then, many names? 

He was invoked under different epithets, 
according to the matter for which his aid was 
needed. ' Thus, as calling down lightning, he was* 
Jupiter Elicius ; as giving rain, Jupiter Pluvius 
as protecting boundaries, Jupiter Terminus, the 
Zeus Horios of the Greeks. 

(688) Who was the wife of Jupiter? 

She is called Juno, a name which would answer 
to a Grreek form Zenon, as a feminine. 

(689) Are there any Latin stories about Juno? 
No. Those which are told of her by later poets 

were borrowed from the Greek. 

(690) How was Juno addressed? 

Like Jupiter, by many names. Thus, as queen 
of heaven, she was Juno Eegina; as presiding 
over marriage, Juno Jugalis; and as guarding 
money and treasure, Juno Moneta, a name which 
probably comes from the same root with Minerva. 



NEPTUNE AND PLUTO. 195 



NEPTUNE. 

(691) Who was Neptune? 

The later Eomans identified him with the Greek 
Poseidon, but in character he answers more nearly 
to Nereus. He is the god who dwells on the 
waters, and his name is connected with many- 
words which mean to bathe, or swim. 



PLUTO. 

(692) What is Pluto? 

A Greek name for Hades, as the guardian of 
the hidden treasures of the earth. Another name 
given to him by the Latins was Dis, which was 
regarded as a shortened form of Dives, rich; 
but this name is probably connected with Deus, 
Divus, the Greek Theos, and the Indian Dyaus. 
The name of his wife, Proserpina, is only another 
form of the Greek Persephon^. 



02 



196 lUNUAL OF HTTHOLOQT. 

VESTA. 

(693) Who is Vesta ? 

A deity, who in name, as well as in character, 
answers precisely to the Greek Hestia. This god- 
dess IS probably part of the common inheritance 
brought by the ancestors of the Greek and Latin 
tribes from the home where they had once dwelt 
together. Vesta with the Eomans was a goddess 
of far greater importance than Hestia among the 
Greeks, her fire being kept up by the Vestal 
virgins, who were consecrated to her service. 



(694) What is Ceres ? 

A name applied to the Earth, as the producer of 
fruits. Hence she was identified with the Greek 
Demeter. The word has been regarded by some as 
meaning the maker ; others see in it only another 
form of the Greek Cora, or Kor^ {the maiden\ 
a name of Persephone. It is probably derived 
from the same root which yields the Sanskrit 
4arady autumn (viz. srl or S7^, to cook, to ripen). 



MINERVA. 

(695) What is the meaning of the name 
Minerva ? 



MARS. 197 

Like the Latin mens, the Greek mSnoa, and 
the English mind, it denotes tliought or wisdom ; 
it is also connected with the Latin Mane, the 
mornings and Matuta, the dawn. Hence the 
idea of Minerva is far higher than that of the 
Greek Athena, with whom she was identified. 

(696) Is the geim of this idea found in any 
other mythology ? 

Yes. In the Vedic hymns the dawn is spoken 
of as waking every mortal to walk about, and 
receiving praise from every thinker. As such, she 
is strictly the Moneta, a name which the Eomans 
applied to Juno. 



MARS. 

(697) What is Mars ? 

The Latin god of war ; but although he was 
identified with the Greek Ar^s, and although the 
names belong to the same root, yet the idea of the 
Latin Mars is far the higher and more dignified 
of the two. 

(698) Are there any other forms of this name ? 
Yes. By the Oscans and Sabines he was called 

Mamers; and the Soman form Mars is a con- 
traction of Mavors or Mavers, 



198 MANUAL OF UTTHOLOGT. 

(699) Are any legends related of this god? 
He is spoken of as the father of Bomulus and 

Semus, the mythical founders of Home. 

(700) What were Bomulus and Bemus? 
Twin sons of the vestal Ilia ; but the two names 

are diflferent forms of the same word. The stories 
about these brothers agree closely with those which 
are related of GSdipus, Telephns^ and other 
heroes. 

(701) Is there^ then, nothing historical in the 
story of Bomulus ? 

We have no reason for thinking otherwise. He 
is simply the Eponymus of Bome, in other words, 
a being invented to account for the name of a 
city, just as Pelasgus, Lelex, Sparta, Or- 
chomenos, and a host of others were invented by 
the Grreeks. Like Heracles and other heroes, he 
vanishes away in a storm of thunder and light- 
ning; and thenceforth he is said to have been 
worshipped imder the name Quirinus. 



VENUS. 

(702) WHAxis VeDus? 

The Latin goddess of beauty and love, to whom 
were transferred a\\ tti^ fe\,0T\fe^ told of the Greek 



VULCAN AND APOLLO. 199 

Aphrodite. As the latter was said to be mother 
of uEneas, the ancestor of Eomulus, so Venus wajs 
supposed to be the special protector of the Roman 
state. 

(703) What is the origin of the name? 

It comes from a root which signifies favour; 
and is found in the Latin word venia, grace or 
pardon, as well as in venerate and vnnaome. 



VULCAN. 

(704) What is Vulcan ? 

The Latin god of fire, who was identified with 
the Greek Hephaestus. Hence he is called the 
husband of Venus. The name is akin to the 
Sanskrit uUca, a firebrand, a meteor. 



APOLLO. 

(705) Is Apollo or Phoebus Apollo a Latin god ? 

No. The name is borrowed from the Greeks, 
and all that is related of him is Greek also. Thus 
the name of his mother Latona is only & L^^^Ss^ 



200 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOr. 

form of the Greek Leto, which again is only 
another form of the name of Leda, the mother of 
the Dioscuri The idea of the god of light is 
expressed in the word Lucerius^ or Lucesius, the 
old Oscan name for Jupiter. 



DIANA AND JANUS. 



(706) What is Diana ? 

The feminine form of the name Dianus, or 
Janus, which, again, is akin to Juno, the Greek 
Zeus, and the Sanskrit Dyaus, the sky. She was 
identified with the Greek Artemis, and is, there- 
fore, called a sister of Apollo. 

(707) What is Janus or Dianus ? 

By the Eomans he was represented as having 
two faces, which looked opposite ways — a notion 
which arose from their mistakenly connecting the 
word with die, duo, twOy words denoting division. 
The gate of Janus at Eome was kept open in 
time of war and shut in time of peace ; and it 
is said to have been closed only six times in eight 
hundred years. 



HEBCUBT^ .fiSCULAPIUS XSD BACCHUS. 201 



MERCURY. 

(708) Who was Mercury ? 

A Latin god of traffic and gain, from merx, 
commerce. He was identified with the Greek 
Hermes, to whom he bears no resemblance ; and 
the Roman Fetials, or heralds, refused to allow 
that they were both the same god. 



-^SCULAPIUS. 



(709) Is iEsculapius a Latin god ? 
' No. The name, which is another form of 
Asklepios, is, with the character and mythical his- 
tory of the God, imported bodily from Greek 
mythology. 



BACCHUS. 



(710) WhoIs Bacchus? 

The same as the Greek god Dionysus, who was 
also called lacchos or Bacchus, perhaps (as some 
have thought), from the cries and shouts with 
which he was worshipped. 



202 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 



HERCULES. 

(711) Who is Hercules ? 

As a Latin god he seems to have been con- 
nected with boundaries, or fences, like Jupiter 
Terminus, the Zeus Horios of the Greeks; and 
as such, his name was probably Herclus or Her- 
cuius. But the similarity of the name led th« 
Eomans to identify their Herculus with the Greek 
Heracles. They were further strengthened in 
this conclusion by the fact that a hero, named 
Garanus, or Becaranus, was said to have slain 
a great robber named Cacus, and that this hero 
closely resembled not only Heracles, but Per- 
seus, Theseus, (Edipus, and all other destroyers 
of monsters and evil-doers. 

(712) What is the story of Cacus ? 

It is told in many ways ; but the most popular 
version says that when Hercules reached the banks 
of the Tiber, Cacus, the three-headed son of 
Vulcan, stole some of his cattle, and, to avoid 
detection, dragged him backwards into his cave. 
But their lowing reached the ears of Hercules, 
who, forcing his way into the robber's den, reco- 
vered not only his cattle, but all the stolen trea- 
Bures which had been stored within it. In vain 






HERCULES. 203 

^acus vomited forth smoke and flame upon his 
inemy, who soon slew him with his unerring darts. 

(7 1 3) Can the growth of this story be accounted 
Ebr? 

It is only another form of the many tales which 
recount the conflict of the heaven or the sun with 
the powers of night and darkness. Becaranus, 
who kills the monster, is like Sancus^ whose name 
was also inscribed on the Ara Maxima, or great 
altar, of Hercules, simply Jupiter, — so-called 
3S being the maker or creator, the name Seca- 
rajius being thus, as some have thought, con- 
nected with that of Ceres. 

(714) What then is Cacus ? 

As the three-headed monster, he answers ex- 
actly to the Greek Greryon and Kerberos (Cerbe- 
rus), the Indian Sarvara. As stealing the cows of 
Hercules, he is Vritra, who shuts up the rain 
in the thunder cloud, and who is pierced by the 
lance of Indra. He is again seen in the Panis who 
steal the cows of Indra. The flames which he 
sends forth from his cave are the lightnings which 
precede that downpour of the rain which is signi- 
fied by the recovery of the cows from Cacus. 

(715) What is the origin of the name Cacus ? 
By some it has been connected with the Greek 

word kakos, bad. But the length of ths &:^t 



-*^ 



204 MANUAL OF ICTTHOLOGT. 

syllable is against this Dotion. Other forms of 
the name are Eakias and Caeculus, who, in the 
mythology of Praeneste, a town near Borne, was a 
son of Vulcan, and also a flame-vomiting robber. 
Now Aristotle speaks of a wind called Kaikias 
(Csecias) which has the power of attracting tiie 
clouds, and cites the proverb that men draw mis- 
chiefs towards themselves as Kaikias draws the 
clouds. But the clouds are everywhere the cattle 
or cows of Indra, Helios, Phoebus, and Heracles : 
hence the proverb would become a tale which 
would have its germ in the phrase ' Caeculus is 
stealing the cows of Hercules.' The combat which 
follows is that struggle of Indra with Vritra, 
which ends with the victory of the powers of 
light. 



SATURN. 

(716) What is Saturn? 

A Latin god, who has been identified with the 
Greek Cronos, with whom he has no features in 
common. The name denotes one who sows seed, 
and Saturn thus answers more nearly to the Greek 
Triptolemus. His wife, Ops, a goddess of wealth 
or fertility, was, with no "beXX^x x^aaci\2L, \dft,\^tified 



AUROBA AND AYEBNUS. 205 

Shea. As Saturn was said to have vanished 
the earth when his work was done, it was 
ht that the land of Latium received its 
as being his hiding-place. 
7) What is the origin of the name Latium? 
s the country of the Latini or Lavini, whose 
is identified by Niebuhr (in his History of 
) with that of the Daunii and the Danai, 
ollow Agamemnon to Troy. 



AUROEA. 

8) Who was Aurora ? 

3 goddess of morning, identified with the 
: Eos, the wife of Tithonos. 

9) Does the name correspond to any in 
rn mythology ? 

is connected with the Sanskrit Ushas, a 
for the dawn, from a root which is common 
I Latin aurum, gold^ and urere, to hum. 



AVERNUS. 

0) What was Avernus ? 

Ls name was given to an Italian lake Dear 

«, which was supposed to be the entrance to 



206 XAKUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

the infernal regions. The CmnsBan Sibyl lived in 
a cave near its shores. 

(721) Is the name a Latin one? 

N09 it is only a Latinized form of £he QnA 
Aomos^ which denotes a place without Uadi 
It was thought that none could fly oVer it 
owing to the deadly yapours which rose firom iti 
surface. 



LATIN DEITIES NOT IDENTIFIED WITH 

GREEK GODS. 

(722) What were the Lares? 

Domestic deities. They seem to hare been 
regarded as the souls of deceased ancestors. Diere 
were Lares not only of families^ but of the dty, 
the country, the roads. 

(723) Are the Lares connected with any other 
Latin deities ? 

They form part of the class known as Penates, 
or houBehold gods^ whose name seems to be 
derived from penuSy a store of food. There were 
public as well as private Penates. 

(724) Are the Lares known under any other 
name ? 



LATIN DEITIES. 207 

They are commonly addressed as the Manes^ a 
general name for the spirits of the dead. This 
word means * the good ones,' and recurs in the 
name of Mana, an Italian goddess, and in the 
word irriTnaniSy cruel. 

(725) Were they ever described in any other 
■way? 

Those spirits which were supposed to be capa- 
ble of injuring the living were called Lemures. 
The spectres of the dead generally were named 
Larvae. 

(726) Who were the Palici ? 

Twin deities worshipped in Sicily, of whom 
little more is known than the name, which may 
possibly be connected with that of Pales, a rural 
deity worshipped especially by shepherds. 

(727) What were the Parcse? 

According to later poets they are three sisters 
who were identified with the Greek Moerae, 
Clotho, Lachesis, and Atropos. 

(728) What were the Fates ? 

The name was used to denote the Parcae. The 
word fatum, fate^ means a thing spoken, and 
answers to the Aisa of the Greeks, which is 
the spoken word of Zeus, i.e.. Necessity or 
Destiny. 

(729) What were the genii? 



208 KASnriL OF XTTHOLOOT. 

Saperhoman beings, whose life, according to 
the belief of the old Italian races, ceased witli 
that of the persons whom they guarded. 

( 730) Who were the Dii Indigetes ? 
The Latin title for those mythical heroes of. 

the land who after their deaths were ranked 
among the gods. 

(731) What were the Dii Consentes? 
A name (denoting agreement or harmony) 

which in later times was supposed to denote the 
twelve Olympian gods. OriginaUy they consisted 
of six male and six female deities, whose names 
cannot be determined with certainty. 

(732) WTiowas Bellona? 
The Latin goddess of war (bellum). 

(733) Who was the Bona Dea, or good god- 
dess ? 

She is described as a sister or daughter of 
Faunus, worshipped only by women. She is her- 
self called Fauna ; but Fauna and Faunus mean 
simply the favourer^ and were rural deities of 
the old Latins. 

(734) Who were the CamensB ? 
Deities, whose name, in the form Carmentes 

and CarmensD, connects them with carwicn, a I 
song. Hence they were identified with the Greek 
muses. 



LATIN DEITIES. 209 

(735) ^o was Egeria ? 

One of the Gamenae^ who is said to have 
been the secret counsellor of the mythical king 
Nama. 

(736) Who was Lavema ? 
The patron goddess of thieves. 

(737) Who were Pilumnus, Picumnus, and 
Semo Sancus ? 

Pilumnus and Picumnus were two brothers, 
woi'shipped as rural deities. The names are 
mere epithets, Pilumnus being the grinder of 
corn, and Picumnus the tiller of the earth. The 
names Semo Sancus are sometimes taken together 
to denote the same deity. They are really two, 
Sancus being the ratifier of oaths or contracts, 
and Semo the sower of seed. 

(738) Who was Pomona? 

The Latin goddess of fruits and fruit trees. She 
is said to have been loved by Silvanus, a deity of 
the woods, by Picus (who, like Picumnus, is the 
tiller of the ground), and by Vertumnus, the god 
of the changing seasons. 

(739) Who was Anna Perenna? 

The giver of plenty in the returning seasons of 
the year. She was identified by late poets with 
Anna, the sister of Dido, the mythical foundress 
of Carthage. 

P 



210 MANUAL OF lITTHOLOaT. 

(740) Who was Consus ? 

A deity of whom little more is known than that 
the festival called Consualia was celebrated in his 
honour. The name may be connected with that 
of the Consentes Dii. 

(741) Who are Oradivus and Mulciber? 
Chradivus is a name of Mars, as the siriderf 

and Mulciber of Vulcan, as aoftenvng the heated 
iron. 

(742) What is Favonius ? 

A name for the west or south-west wind, called 
Zephyros (the Zephyr) by the Chreeks. 



EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY 

(743) What is the character of Eg3rptian my- 
thology ? 

Some of the Egyptian myths seem to have a 
more direct reference to facts of astronomy than 
may be found generally in Greek mythology ; but 
there is no doubt that, like the Greek myths, 
those of the Egyptians had their foundation in 
phrases which described the sights and objects 
of the outward world. 

(744) Is there any connection between the 
Greek and Egyptian systems of mythology ? 

They grew up quite independently of each 
other; and the mythology of the Homeric and 
Hesiodic poems exhibits no traces of the influence 
of Egyptian thougnt. But after Egypt had been 
thrown open to Greek commerce, the Greeks (like 
the first English who studied Sanskrit in India,) 
were so impressed with the grandeur of the 
country and the elaborate mysticism of the priest- 
hood, that they were tempted not only to identify 
their own deities with those of Egypt, but to 
fancy that their names, as well as the actions 
ascribed to them, were derived {ioixi^^^\^« 

p2 



212 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOaT. 

(745) How did this mystical system of the 
Egyptian priests grow up ? 

It was grafted in the process of ages on ampler 
myths, which corresponded essentially to the 
phrases which lie at the root of Hindu, Greek, 
and Teutonic mythology. Thus the sleep of 
Osiris during the winter, before his reappearance 
in the spring, is the sleep of the fair maiden who 
is waked up by Sigurd, and answers to the im- 
prisonment of KorS or Persephone in Hades. 

(746) Who was Ammon ? 
The god so called by the Greeks (who ccm- 

nected the name with the sand, ammo^ with 
which his temple in the Oasis was surrounded), 
is the Egyptian Amen-ra, or Kneph, the ram- 
headed and horned god, who reappears in the 
Orphic Zagreos. 

(747) What was Anubis? 
A being represented with the head of a dog, or 

jackal, and said to be the companion of Osiris and 
Isis. 

(748) Who were Isis and Osiris? 
Isis is called the wife of Osiris and mother of 

Horus, and seems to have been at first the god- . 
dess of the earth, like the Greek D&m&tet, She } 
was represented as a woman with the horns of a 
cow. Osiris, Taei \i\is\>»ni^ <st %,q^^t he is r&- 



EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY. 218 

raxded as both), is killed by his brother Set or 
Jethi, a being whose character answers to that of 
he Hindu Vritra; but after his imprisonment 
)eneath the earthy he rises to a new life, and be- 
5omes the judge of the dead. His chief sanctuary 
v^as in the island of Philae. 

(749) Who was Horns ? 

The son of Isis, represented as a boy sitting on 
L lotus flower, with a finger in his mouth. His 
lame, Har-pi-chruti, Horns the child, was thrown 
nto the form of Harpocrates by the Greeks. 

(750) What was Apis ? 

The calf-god, who was supposed to manifest 
dmself from time to time in a bull, which was 
ecognised by certain signs. This bull was then 
lonsecrated, and received high worship. It was 
lot suflTered to live more than twenty-five years, 
kud his burial was followed by a general moum- 
ng, until a new calf with the proper marks was 
liscovered. This god the Greeks identified with 
Spaphus, the child of lo. 

(751) What was Serapis ? 

It is said to have been a name given to Apis 
ifter his death and deification. 

(752) What was Neith ? 

A deity represented as covered with a veil, and 
dentified by the Greeks (without. ^Ti'^ x^'^^-s^j 



^!' 



S14 XAXUAL or mXHOLOGT. 



I*! with their goddess Afhena. She is often 

iriih Phthah, the pygmy god* 

(753) What was Ba P 
Hie name under which the son was ^ 

I i by fhe Egyptians. 

(754) What was the Phcenix ? 
i «| According to the historian Herodotu 

I "^ bird which the Egyptians r^arded as tl 

\^i of immortality; bat Herodotus says i 

ii:c: the resurrection of the Phoenix from 

I i'r ashes, while others, instead of saying i 

i ! * ^ Phcenix sprang full-grown &om the fu 

< 4' of the old one, spoke of a worm which 

from the dead body, and gradually 

another Phoenix. 




819 



ASSYEIAN MYTHOLOGY. 

(755) What are the Assyrian deities ? 
Deities whose names were, for the most part, 

at first mere epithets of the sun, but came in 
course of time to denote different gods. Thus the 
sun was worshipped as Bel or Baal, the Lord, 
and as Moloch, or the King, these names being 
gradually set apart for separate deities, just as 
Endymion, Hyperion, Apollo, Perseus, all origin- 
ally mere names of Helios (Ihe sun), became at 
length names of different persons. 

(756) Where was the sun chiefly worshipped 
as Baal. 

In Babylon. His worship was also introduced 
by Ahab into the kingdom of Israel. 

(757) What people were most widely known 
for their devotion to Moloch ? 

The Phoenicians, who appeased him with the 
blood of infants, especially of the first-born. 
Carthage was noted for these horrid sacrifices ; 
five hundred children, it is said, were placed at 
once in the fiery jaws of the idol, when the Sici- 
lian Agathocles was about to attack the city. 



216 MANUAL OF VTTHOLOGT. 

(758) Was the worship of Moloch practised by 
the Jews ? 

Yes ; with great persistency, down to the time 
of the Babylonish captivity. The prophets con- 
stantly denounce the wrath of Grod on the abomi- 
nable human sacrifices which were offered up in 
the valley of Hinnom^ to the east of Jerusalem. 

(759) Does the name appear in any other form? 
Yes ; in Milcom, the Ammonite god, and in 

the names of Adrammelech and Anammelech, 
gods of Sepharvaim. 

(760) Who was Chemosh? 

The god of the Moabites. The name is, perhaps, 
only another form of the Hebrew Shemesh and 
the Assyrian Shamas, the sun. 

(761) What was Nebo? 

A Babylonian deity, whose name is found in 
that of Nebuchadnezzar, and other kings. 

(762) WTio was Ishtar ? 

A goddess resembling most nearly the Aphrodite 
of the Greeks, who spoke of her as Astarte. In 
the Old Testament she is called Ashtaroth. 

(763) Who was Tammuz ? 

A beautiful youth, known also as Adonis, the 
lord, for whose death the women mourned id the 
autumn time. The same idea is found in the 
mythical tales of Oaim an^'^et^e^W^ft. 



ASSYRIAN MYTHOLOGY. 217 

(764) Who was Xisuthrus ? 

He is said to have been a just man, who, with 
other righteous men, was saved in an ark from 
a great flood which overwheLned the whole of 
Babylonia. 

(765) What was Oannes ? 

The fish-god of the Babylonians. This being, 
who was represented with a human form behind 
which appeared the scaly covering of a fish, was 
said to dwell in the sea, out of which he came 
every day to teach the Babylonians all wisdom 
and science. By the Philistines he was wor- 
shipped under the name Dagon. As emerging 
daily from the sea, and as possessed of a myste- 
rious wisdom, he is manifestly the same as the 
Greek Proteus. 



918 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 



THE MYTHOLOGY OF THE VEDA. 

(766) For what reason is the Vedic or earlieak 
Hindu mythology especially valuable ? 

As furnishing a key to that of the Fersiaos, 
Greeks, Latins, Bomans, and other races. Thus 
names by which the Greeks denoted diflferent 
gods and heroes, are in the Vedas mere epithets 
the meaning of which cannot be mistaken ; and 
the most complicated legends can be traced to 
their germ in some phrase which in these most 
ancient of all poems described simply some inci- 
dent or phenomenon in the course of the outward 
world. 

(767) Mention some instances of this process? 
In the Veda, Arjuni, Brisaya, Dahana, Ushas, 

Sarama, and Saranyu, are names for the morning 
light : for the Greeks they were separate beings 
whom they knew as Argynnis, Briseis, Daphne, 
Eos, Helen, and Erinys. In the same way the 
Vedas spoke of the Panis as tempting Sarama to 
be unfaithful ; for thva Greeks, this phrase had 
grown into the stealing away of Helen by Paris, 
and the complicated le^eivd ol >ik^ ^^x of Troy. 



MYTHOLOGY OF THE VEDA. 219 

(768) Is the earlier Hindu mythology to be 
Istinguished from that of later times ? 

Yes : the later mythology is as intricate as the 
irlier is simple ; but the way in which the system 
Eis been developed in India throws the clearest 
ght on the same process, as it has gone on in 
:her countries. Thus, in the oldest poems there 
re no genealogies or settled marriages among the 
Dds. The sister in one legend is the wife or 
lother in another, and the same being is spoken 
r at different times as the son and brother of the 
one god. 

(769) What are the chief deities in these 
acient hymns? 

Perhaps the most important are Varuna, Agni, 
ad Indra. 

(770) What is Varuna? 

The broad heaven which is spread over and 
eils the earth. But many of the hymns ad- 
ressed to Varuna are addressed to him simply as 

name for the One God who has made and who 
ovems all things. 

(771) Is Varuna found in Greek mythology? 
Yes ; as Ouranos (Uranus) ; but as in Greece, 

icus (the Sanskrit Dyaus) became the name 
DT the supreme God, Ouranos lost his importance 
nd almost faded out of sight. 



220 MANUAL OF HTTHOLOGT. 

(772) Who is Agni ? 

The fire, which, when the fuel is kindled, steps 
forth like a war horse from his prison, leaving a 
dark path (of smoke) behind him. 

(773) Is Agni found in western mythology? 
No ; but the name is found in the Latin word 

ignis, fire. 

(774) Who is Indra ? 

The god of the clear heaven, and so of light, 
warmth, and fertilizing rain, so named from a 
root denoting moisturey and thus . answering to 
the Jupiter Pluvius of the Latins. 

(775) How is he chiefly represented ? 

As doing battle with Vritra, the enemy, who 
by shutting up the rain brings drought upon the 
earth. 

(776) How is Vritra described? 

As a great dragon, smitten by the lance of 
Indra as Python is pierced by that of Apollo. As 
such, he is called AM, which is the same as the 
Greek Echidna, and theLatinword anguis, a ^naie. 

(777) What other forms does Vritra assume in 
western mythology? 

It corresponds exactly to the Sphinx in the 
story of CEdipus, to the Libyan dragon slain by 
Perseus, to P'afnir slain by Sigurd, as well as to 
the many monsteis s\am'\i^ o\}ci^x V^etoea, 

(778) Is the name io\m^ m ^x^^\^^%\i.^ 



MYTHOLOGY OF THE VEDA. 281 

Yes; it is the same as that of Orthros, who 
with Kerberos (Cerberus), the Vedic Sarvara, 
guards the gates of Hades, who answers to the 
Hindu Yama. 

(779) What are the Harits? 

In the Vedic hymns they are the bright horses 
of the sun; in the west they became beautiful 
women, called by the Greeks Charites, by the 
Latins Gratiaa or Grraces (from a root Ghar, to 
shine). 

(780) What are Trita and Traitana ? 

Names given to the god of the clear heaven. 
They reappear in the Greek Triton and Trito- 
geneia. 

(781) Wliat are the Maruts ? 

The storm winds, whose name (from mar, to 
ffrind) reappears in the Greek Ares, the Latin 
Mars, and Mors, deaths and in the Teutonic 
Thor Miolnir, or the crusher. 

(782) Who are the Eishis ? 

Seven wise men who were supposed to dwell in 
the seven stars of the constellation which we call 
the Great Bear. These stars were called at first 
the seven Arkshas, or shiners ; but as the word 
Bishi also comes from the same root, the two were 
confused together, just as in Greece they were 
converted into bears, — the name ^.tct^v^ ^^^wj.x^^ 
belonging to the same root. 



211 MANUAL OF KYTHOIjOGT. 

(783) What are Bhuianyu and Pramantha? 
The name Bhuranyu is the same as the Greek 

Phoroneus, while Pramantha answers to Prome- 
theus. 

(784) WhatisUshas? 
A name for the dawn, which reappears in the 

Greek Eos and the Latin Aurora. 

(785) What is Arusha? 

A name for the sun, as he begins his coune 
in the heaven. As such, he is represented as a 
beautiful child. The name reappears in the 
Greek Eros, or god of love, who answers to the 
Latin Cupido (cupid). But Erds, again, is a soa 
of Iris (another form of the same name), who is 
called the messenger of the gods ; just as Arusha 
is said to awaken the earth with his rays. These 
rays become the fiery darts of Eros and Cupid, 
which inflame with love the hearts that may be 
pierced by them. 

(786) Who is Brahma? 

He is called a son of Brahm, a name for the 
Great First Cause of all things. Brahma, 
Vishnu, and Siva, together make up the later 
Trimurti or Trinity ; Brahma being the creator, 
Vishnu the preserver, and Siva the destroyer. 

(787) Is Siva known by any other name ? 

He is frequently ca\\ed^l*3]ti3Ae^'as ox >\a5Da&s»^ 
(in Greek, ilegas T\ieos>, l^ie great god, ^sA Na 



MTTHOLOGT OF THE VEDA. 223 

ed as a reproducer — ^to destroy, according 
iian philosophy, being only to reproduce 
another form. 

3) What are the Avatars of Vishnu ? 
irnations of the god for the accomplish- 
of a special purpose. The Avatars Eire 
as ten in number ; when the tenth takes 
the world will be destroyed, and Brahma 
^ain begin his work as creator. 
9) Who is Krishna? 

»eing produced, according to some legends, 
Dne of the hairs of Vishnu, and in his turn 
cing Kudra, the destroyer. This god be- 
of much greater importance in the later 
)logy of the Hindus. 
0) What is Savitar ? 

name for the sun, as golden-handed, in 
nee to his rays. When the name was taken 
Lly, the story grew up that the sun, oflfering 
sacrifice, cut off his hand, which was re- 
i by a golden one. 
•1) WhoisManu? 

vise lawgiver, and the son of Brahma. He 
) same as the Greek Minos : and the name 
J from the same root with the words mind 
lan; man being so called as the measurer 
nker. 



224 MANUAL OF VTTHOLOGT. 



PERSIAN MYTHOLOGY. 

(792) Fob what is Fersian mythology chiefl 
remarkable ? 

For the moral or spiritual meaning which : 
engrafts on phrases or legends which had referem 
originally only to physical or material object 
Thus the battle between Indra and Vritra, whk 
in India was a conflict between the god of tl 
sun or heaven, and the dragon which was su 
posed to shut up the rain, became in Persia ti 
spiritual struggle between moral good and moi 
evil ; and thus a phrase, suggested by a ve 
common sight in the outward world, became tl 
foundation of a philosophy known as Dualis 
(in other words, the conflict between two goc 
one good, the other evil). 

(793) Were the old names retained in t! 
Persian myths ? 

In many instances they were. Thus Trita, 
Traitana, becomes the Persian Thraetana ; whi 
Verethragna, or the slayer of Veretkru, the Fe: 
dun of later epic •9oe\ii^, •d.\i"&^^ta to the Vec 



PEBSIAN MTTHOLOGT. 225 

Vritrahan, or slayer of Vritra. Feridun again 
is the slayer of Zohak (a name which was at first 
written Azi-dahaka, the biting serpent), or Ahi, 
which again carries us to the Greek Echidna. 
The name Zohak reappeara in that of Astyages 
(Asdahag), the Median king, who is defeated 
and dethroned by his grandson, Cyrus, as Laios, 
king of Thebes, is killed by his son (Edipus. 

(794) Is the germ of this moral idea furnished 
in the Vedic hymns ? 

Yes; in the prayer which the worshippers 
Bometimes oflTer up, that Vritra, the enemy, may 
not be suffered to reign over them. 

(795) Was this battle between good and evil 
denoted by any other names ? 

It was also spoken of as the great conflict be- 
tween Ormuzd and Ahriman. 

(796) What is Ormuzd ? 
The name of the good god. 

(797) Is this a Persian word ? 

No. Nor can it be explained by the Persian 
language; but in the Zendavesta, the name is 
given in the form Ahuro-mazdao, thus carrying 
us to the Sanskrit words Asuro medhas, which 
mean wise spirit Another name of Ormuzd 
was Spentomainyus, or the holy spirit. 

(798) What is the name given in these books 
to the power which opposes Ahwro-ixisjLdL^t 



SS6 IIAHUAL or ICITHOLOaT. 

He 18 ealled Bimply Drokbg, a wor 

(799) What fhen is the name Ahrini 
It k a name which signifies an evil i 

was given at a later time to the po 
had been known as Yntra and Drukb 
Zendayesta^ the holy spirit (Spento-mj 
Onniizd)and the evil spirit (Anrd-m 
Ahriman) are said to have created the 

(800) Who are the Devs or Divs ? 
Spirits whose name is akin to theGrr 

and the Latin deua* The Zoroastrianf 
from the worshippers of the Devas, Le. 
deities, and they declared in their coi 
faith in the Zendavesta :^ I cease to 
worshipper ; I profess to be a Zoroas 
shipper of Ahuramazda, an enemy of 1 
and a devotee to Ahura.* The Persia 
da^va is the Asmodeus, or unclean spi 
book of Tobit. 



827 



NORSE MYTHOLOGY. 
) What are the chief features .of Norse 

ogy? 

mythical systems of the tribes of Northern 
) are substantially the same as that of the 
. They all have their germ in words or 
; which described the sights and sounds of 
Eiterial world: but in every country the 
which grew out of this germ were modified 
influences of soil and climate. Thus the 
ogy of Northern Europe assumed, of ne- 
a sombre and gloomy character ; and the 
i of Phoebus with Python, or of Indra with 
became a constant struggle for life and 

) In what story is this struggle described? 

lie Volsunga Saga, or tale of the Volsungs, 

was afterwards remodelled in the great 

em called the Nibelungen Lied, or Lay of 

ildren of the Mist. 

) Who is the hero of this story? 

rd, the son of Sigmund, the son of Volsung, 

mdant of Odin. 

Q 2 



228 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 

(804) What is the story of his birth ? 

He was bom after the death of his father, a 
became the foster child of Regin (the smith 
the king of Denmark), who urged him on to si 
the dragon Fafnir, who lay coiled on the glist< 
ing heath. 

(805) With what weapon was the dragon sk 
With a sword forged by Segin from the brol 

bits of Gram. 

(806) What was Gram? 

A sword which Odin himself had driven up 
the hilt, in an oaktree, to be taken by In'm ?i 
should be strong enough to draw it out. It ^ 
drawn out by Sigmund (the father of Sigur 
who with it conquered every enemy, until Od 
reappearing in disguise, presented a spear agai 
which it snapped in twain. 

(807) What followed the death of Fafnir? 
Sigurd became possessed of the treasure whi 

lay within his mighty folds, and by eating 1 
heai't he also gained a wisdom beyond that 
mortal men. Going on his way, he came to 
heath, in the midst of which a fierce fiame si 
rounded a house in which the fair maiden, Bry 
hild, lay asleep. Sigurd rode through the & 
and at his touch she awoke. They then plight 
their troth to eack otWi, ^ia.d Sigurd rode on 



NORSE MYTHOLOGY. 229 

he house of Griuki, the Niflung, who determined 
hat he should marry his daughter Grudrun, and 
hat Brynhild should become the wife of his son 
xunnar. But Grunnar cannot ride through the 
lame, and by magic arts Sigurd is made to as- 
ume the form and voice of Grunnar, and to 
land over Brynhild to him. Discovering his 
reachery, Brynhild urges Grunnar to slay Si- 
rurd ; but, as in the case of Baldr, he and his 
)rothers had sworn not to lay hands on the hero. 
rhey therefore got Guttorm to do that which 
hey could not do themselves, and thus Sigurd is 
lain during his sleep. His death reawakens all 
;he love of Brynhild, who dies heartbroken on his 
'uneral pile. 

(808) What Grreek heroes does Sigurd re- 
jemhle ? 

In some or all of his characteristics, he is the 
counterpart of Perseus, Achilles, Theseus, Phoe- 
bus, Phaethon, and Odysseus. 

(809) To what incident does the driving of the 
3Word Grram into the oak answer ? 

To the hiding away of the sword and sandals 
which -^geiis places under a great stone and of 
which Theseus gets possession when he is able to 
lift the stone, and to the weapons which Heracles 
leaves with Echidna. 



230 MANUAL OF MTTHOLOOT. 

(810) What is the sword Gram ? 
It is the same as the invincible spear of PhGebv, |l 

and answers also to the armour forged for Achilks 
by Hephaestus. 

(811) Who gives this sword Oram to Sigurd? 
His mother Hjordis, just as Thetis brings to her 

son Achilles the armour forged by Hephsestos. 

(812) What is the slaughter of Fafhir? 
It is the same incident as the slaying of FyfhoD) 

Vritra, the Sphinx, Minotaur and Chimaera. 

(813) To what does the wisdom of Siguid 
correspond ? 

To that of lamos and Melampus, both of whom, 
also, receive it from serpents. 

(814) Why? 

Because the word * dragon ' meant simply a 
far-seeing or keen-sighted being. 

(815) What is the sleep of Brynhild ? 

It answers to the slumber of Adonis and Osiris, 
and to the inaction of the Kore (or maiden) Perse- 
phone, in the house of Hades. 

(816) How is Brynhild won? 

After the slaughter of the dragon, just as, after 
slaying the Libyan monster, Perseus wins An- 
dromeda, and the death of the Sphinx leads to 
the marriage of CEdipx;s with locastfi. 

(817) What pwt Et^T;Vi\\^\xi\.^\i^x ^<fe^^^l<jft^? 



KOKSE MYTHOLOGY. 231 

She was wounded with a thorn by Odin, like 
Fendiyar in the Persian epic. This tiiorn of 
^^ight or of winter answers to the snake-bite which 
Vdlls Eurydikfe in the story of Orpheus. 

(818) WTiat is the desertion of Brynhild ? 

It is only another form of the desertion of 
Jkriadne by Theseus, or of CEnone by Paris ; and 
it also answers to the separation df Odysseus 
from PenelopS, when he leaves her to go to 
Troy. The return of Sigurd to Brynhild in the 
form of Grunnar answers closely to the return 
of the disguised Kephalos to Procris whom he 
had forsaken. 

(819) In what relation does Grudrun stand to 
BrynhUd ? 

In that of Deianeira to lole, and of Helen to 
CEnonS. The desertion is in each case followed 
by vengeance. iSigurd dies, like Paris, in atone- 
ment for his sin. In each case, again, the death 
of the hero revives the love of the forsaken wife, 
and CEnone and Brynhild die, each on the funeral 
pile of her husband. 

(820) What do we especially notice when we 
compare this story with other Teutonic legends ? 

That the poets seemingly could not escape from 
the charmed circle in which they reproduced, 
under the disguise of different n^xae.^) ^laae.«»^ ^.wL 



232 MAHUAL Of MTTHOLOGT. 

incidents, the great and touching ^Tragedy of 
Nature.* 

(821) Is this seen in the mythical history of 
the descendants of Sigurd ? 

Yes. The story is told over again in the case 
of his son, who is called Bagnar Lodbrog. Like 
Sigurd, Bagnar wins his first wife Thora by de- 
livering her from a dragon ; and, like Sigurd, he 
forsakes her. 

(822 ) What became of Gudrun in the Volsung 
tale? 

She married Atli, the brother of Brynhild; 
but when Atli slew Gunnar and his brothers, 
Gudrun in revenge slew her children, and then 
killed their father Atli himself. 

(823) Do these incidents answer to any in 
Greek myths ? 

The slaying of Atli's children is repeated in the 
slaughter of the children of Jason by Medea. 

(824) Who are the Niflungs or Nibelungs ? 
They are the dwellers in Niflheim, the land or 

home of the cold mists; in other words, they 
answer to Phrixus and Helle, the children of 
Nephele (the mist) who depart with the treasure 
of the golden fleece just as the Niflungs take 
away the treasures of the summer. 

(825) Who was Odm^ 



NOBSE MYTHOLOGT. 233 

A deity who answered tothe Greek Zeus, and who 
is called the Alfadir, or Father of All, His wife 
is called Freya, or Friga, and she is the mother of 
Thor and Baldr. The names of Odin and Freya 
remain in our Wednesday and Friday, and that 
of Thor in Thursday. 

(826) How is Thor represented ? 

With a mighty hammer, as Thor Miolnir, the 
pounder, thus answering to the Greek Aloadse and 
the Indian Marutfi. 

(827) What is the legend of Baldr? 

He was the most beautiful of all the dwellers in 
Valhalla, but although all the other gods had 
sworn not to hurt him, no oath had been taken 
from Loki, who destroyed him with the mistletoe. 
This event answers to the slaying of Isfendiyar 
with the thorn, and of Adonis with the boar's tusk. 

(828) What is Loki ? 

A malevolent deity, described as the great ser- 
pent who encircles the earth, and as the father of 
Hela, the queen of the regions below the earth ? 

(829) What is Valhalla ? 

The home of Odin, where, like Zeus in Olympus, ' 
he dwells with all the ^sir or gods. Thither are 
brought the souls of all heroes dying on the battle 

field. 

(830) Who are their guides? 



234 XAKUAL OF KTTHOLOGT. 

The beauiifol Valkyries, or corse-choosers, in 
whom we see^ in a higher and purer form, the 
Houris of the Mahometan paradise. 

(831) What are the Noms ? 

Three sisters who answer to the Fates or Moene 
of the Greeks. Their names are Urd, Werdand, 
and Skuld (or Past^ Present, and Future). They 
are represented as beings endowed with a sombre 
but touching beauiy. 

(832) What is the Twilight of the Gods? 
This phrase was used to denote the time when, 

as it was supposed, the feign of Odin and the 
^sir would come to an end. 

(833) How could such a notion spring up S 
Odin was regarded as the Great Maker of all 
things ? 

Because the name Odin was used, perhaps, ud- 
consciously in more than one sense. Thus 
uEschylus speaks of Zeus as the Infinite and 
Eternal God, whose kingdom can never have an 
end ; but when he comes to speak of the mythical 
Zeus, the son of Cronos and husband of Hera, he 
says that as Zeus dethroned his father, so would 
he be himself deposed by a descendant of his 
friend Prometheus whom he had so grievously 
wronged. This overthrow of Zeus by Heracles 
answers exactly t^ ftie 'Sox%^1^'^\^\, <^^ tke Gods. 



235 



MYTHICAL GENEALOGIES. 

The following samples of mythical genealogies, 
or rather of portions of such genealogies, are 
given chiefly to show the freedom with which the 
several Greek states or cities treated their common 
store of legendary tales. It will be seen at a 
glance that the several lists present the same 
names in quite different connexions, but that, 
while it is impossible to reduce them to an his- 
torical harmony, they agree strictly with the 
mythical phrases which fuinished the germ of 
these genealogies in which gods^ heroes and men 
are inextricably mingled together. 



236 



MANUAL OF MTTHOLOeT. 



rl-l 



fiLj 



ao 
O 

o 

II- 

a 

d 
o 



g 

•J 
K 

O 

o 
X 

H 



9 

JCS 

■s- 

c 



o 

s 
ti 

O 



I 



I 



?- 
I 



9 

1 



s 
o 






, 8 ft I 

LJ_§_S 






CO 



H 



lis 



I 



•2 

E 

s 

e 
11 — 



s 



tSi 




O 

e> C 
V w 

S E 






(i-s-^ 



H 






s 



H 



9 
H 



§ 



Lij 



1 



GENEALOGT OF THE lAPEUDS. 



237 



S 



CO 

II- 

.5 

-f 







^ s 




•5— J» 




© 'o 






ieus 
stop 
ochus 




»5 !5 2 



C5 
C5 



O 

a 

03 
o 

O 



to 

CO 



93 



a 



I- 

II -H 

a 
o 

- =3 

U 

;3 
a> 

P 



o 



a 



as 

- O 

6j 



09 

J 



00 

CQ 



a 

o 

CQ 

II — 



4 



n 

P^ 



SB 




00 



g 

g 



so 

s 



a 
o 



OQ 



CQ 







3 






O ^ 

pq 



CO 

o 



i 



238 



MANUAL OF MTTHOLOGT. 






o 



I 



< -a a 



73 
O' 



.a 



eo 



2 



&4 
II- 



ee 



a 

Q 

w 



9 

i 



o 

S 



II 

o r_! 

-|-§ 
^ I 



I J 



- 9D 
Of 

H 



o 

a 

e 

D. 

Si 






ay^m^r 0. THB PKU.P«>«- 



289 



QQ 

I 



I- 




240 



ICANUAL OF HYTH0L06T. 



(5) LACoyiAK Gbnbalooy. 
Atlas 



Taygetes^Zeus 
Lacedaemon 



Amyklas 
Peneres 



Castor 



Tyndareus sLeda 



Icarius 



1 



Folydeukes 



„ I 

I Penelope = Odyss 
Clytsemnestra'ss Agamemnon 



(6) Genealogy of the JEACioa, 

Asopus 
Zeus = -Egina = Aktor 

I I 



^acus 

I 



Peleu8= Thetis 
Achilles | 



Telamon 



Menoetios 
Patroclos 



Ajax 



Teucros 



MYTHICAL GENEALOGIES. 



241 



(7) Attic Gbkealooy. 
Hephaestus » Gaia 

I 

Erecntheus 



Kephalos = Procris Kreiisa Oreithyia = Boreas 



Xuthus 



I I 

Achseus Ion 



Zetes Kalai's 



(8) Cbetan Genealooy. 
Fhcenix 



Ariadne = Dionysus 



Europa==Zeufl 



Minos Ebadamanthus Sarpedon 



Deucalion 



I 

Androgeos 



(9) Theban Genealogy. 
Agenor = Telephassa 



Cadmus = Harmonia 

I 



Semeles-Zeus Agare Polyiiorus 

i 1 

Dionysus Pentheus Labdacos 



Laios = locast^ 



(Edipus 
I 



Eteocles Polyneikca 



AxLtl^QV^Q. 



843 



MANUAL OF MTTHOLOar. 



(10) TB07AN Gbitxaloot. 
2ieii8 

Daraanus 

Erichthonius 



Hub 
Laomedon 



Tros 

I 



I 
Assaracus 



Cranymedes 



I 

Capys 
Priam = Hecab^ Anchises » Aphrodite 

J , 1 

1 I 

Alezandros (Paris) = Helen Hector = Andromache Musi 



INDEX. 



Th0 referenoes are to the QoeBtions. 



ACH 

ACHl&lON, 679, 680 
AchiUeis, 581 
Achnies, 14, 23, 41, 61, 677, 

&c., 597, 605, &c 
Acrisios, 13, 312, 323, &c 
Actor, 651 
Adipetus, 60, 206, 300, 443, 

448, &e. 
Adonis, 154, 174, &c., &c., 

641, 763 
AdrammSlech, 759 
JEpytus, 619 
JEetes, 539 
JEgse, 59 
JEgseoD, 528 
JEgeus, 342 
JEgis, 146, 322, 634 
JEglaer, 443 
JEneas, 172, 217, 572, 619, 

702 
JEsculapius, 206, 440, 709 
Aeslima-daeva, 800 
JEsir, 829, 832 
JEthiopia, 468, 469 
Aethllos, 463 
JEthra, 342, 647, 660 
Agamemnon, 162, 579, &c 
Agave, 260, 410 
Agcnor, 406 
Ages, the Five, 485 



AMB 

Aglaia, 182 

Agni, 183, 184, 772 

Ahana, 129, 205 

Aharyii, 603 

Ahi, 776 

Ahnman, 796, &c., 799 

Ahuromazdao, 797 

Aides, 72 

Aidoneus, 72 

Aisa, 728 

Ajax, 567 

Akers^komes, 518 

Akria, 132 

Akshana, 507, 508 

Alcestis, 448 

Alcinoiis, 632 

Alemseon, 626 

Alcmena, 262, 305 

Aleian plain, 513, 514 

Alexandres, 561 

Alfadir, 825 

Alkestis, 448, &c 

Alkinoiis, 632 

AUecto, 386 

Aloadse, 650, 826 

Alpheius, 222, 530 

Althaea, 414, &c. 

Amaltheia, 251 

Amazons, 468, 472, &c., 53 

Ambrosia, 181,492 



B 2 



244 



INDEX. 



AMB 
Amen-ia, 746 
Ammon, 251, 746 
Ampkl&raos, 523 
Aarphion, 489 
AmpMtrite, 67, 68, 780 
Amuliiis, 13 . 
AnadyomgnS, 157 
Anamm^ech, 759 
Anchises, 172 
AndrogSos, 516 
Andiom^a, 320, 335 
Andyari, 76 
Ananke, 370 
Anna Ferenna, 739" 
AnT6-mainyus, 799 
Anteia, 511 
Antigone, 364, 390 
Anubis, 747 
Aomos, 721 

Aphrodite, 89, 154, 157, &c., 
566, &c., 663 

— Enalia, 167 

— Ourania and PiEmdemos, 
167 

— Pontia, 167 
Apis, 470, 750 

Apollo, 14, 46', 138, 186, &c., 

705 
Apsyrtus, 542 
Arbhu or Kibhn, 400 
Arcadia, 48, 426, 444 
Areas, 455 
Arctos, 455 
Arcturus, 456 
Areiopagus, 155 
Ares, 46, 147, &c. 
Arete, 278, 
Arete, 632 
Arethusa, 529, &c. 
Ai^geipbontes, 471 
Axgo, 540, 550 



BEA 

Argonauts, 416, 531 
Argos, 273, 574 
Argos Panoptes, 46 
Argos, the dog, 642 
Argynnis, 8, 161, 1 
Ariadne, 16, 352, 3< 
Arjiini, 161, 767 
Artemis, 46, 215, £ 
Arusha, 785 
Ascalaphos, 567 
Ashtaroth, 762 
Asklepios, 206, 440 

492, 556 
Asmodeus, 800 
Astarte, 762 
Astraeus, 652 
Astyages, 13 
Asuro-mMhas, 797 
Atalanta, 418 
Ate, 364, 372, 570 
Athena, 46, 63, 89, 

317, 318, 483 
Athens, 144 
Athamas, 539 

Atlas, 319, 647, 66 
Atli, 822 
Atropos, 371 
Auge, 11 
Aurora, 718 
Autochthon, 681 
Autolycus, 640 
Avatar, 788 
Avernus, 720 
Azi-dahaka, 793 



\ 



BAAL, or Bel, 7^ 
Bacchus, 710 
Baldr, 807, 82^3, 8i: 



INDEX. 



245 



BEL 
^ellerophon, 23, 199, 471, 

509, &c. 
IBeU^ros, 471 
Sellona, 732 
Bhur&nyu, 8, 236, 783 
Bona Dea, 733 
Borgas, 652 
Bosporas, 468 
Bralim, 786 
Brahma, 786 
Briar^os, 528 
Bri&rens, 528 
Brisaya, 412, 603, 767 
Briseis, 19, 412, 679, 613, 767 
Bronte, 30 

Brynluld, 16, 206, 287, 335, 
336, 500, 807i &c 



CABEIEA, 668 
Cabeiri, 668 
Cacns, 711, &c. 
Cadmns, 11, 406, &c. 
Csecfilus, 715 
Ceecias, the wind, 715 
Calchas, 568, 571 
Calliope, 398, 656 
Callisto, 455 
Calos, 486 

Calydonian boar-hunt, 417 
Calypso, 631 
Camense, 734 
Capta, 132 
Casandra, 562 
Castor, 667 

Cattle of Helios, 431, 631 
Cgerops, 681 
Centaur, 19, 275, 498 
Ceph&lus, 16, 394 
CerbSrus, 78, 399, 714 
Ceres, 694, 713 



DAG 
Chaos, 28 
ChSris, 182 
Chantes, 19, 164, 434 
ChSron, 678 
Gharybdis, 631 
Cheiron, 274, 441 
Chemosh, 760 
Chimsera, 14 
Chiysaor, 198 
Chryseis, 579 
Cicones, 627 
Circe, 630 , 
Cleio, 656 
Cleopatra, 428, 429 
Clotho, 371 
Clymene, 428 
Clytaemnestra, 570 
Cocytus, 679, 680 
Consentes, 731 
Consus, 740 
Coronis, 206, 440, &c. 
Corybantes, 669 
Creon, 354 
Cretan Labyrinth, 351, 486, 

&c, 
Cretheus, 533 
Crisa, 203 

Crommyonian sow, 346 
Cronos, 25, 28, 30, 31, 33, 39, 

716 
Cumsean Sibyl, 720 
Ciiretes, 419 
Cybele, 670 
Cyclopgs, 30, 38, 40, 72, G27, 

649 
Cyrus, 18, 443, 793 



DACTYLI, 669 
DsedSlus, 486, &c. 



DAH 
Dahinl, 129, 205, 368, 767 
Duii, 76, 312 
Sanii, 717 
D^>hDi, IS, 2<H. 767 
Duyu, 871 
Dbduu, 717 

Deiiodia, 386, 28B, Sl» 
Beiinoi, 171 
Deloa, 10, 37, 126, 191, 192, 

412 
Delphi, 19fl, 202 
Dem«t«r, 46, 103, &c., 251 
Domupbo^^a, 112, 113 
BaucaliGn, 39, 468, &c., 54* 
Den, or Din, 800 
Dia, 494, Ik. 
Diioa, 62, 706 
Dianiu, 92 
Diets, 33, 37, 251 
Diclja, 312 
Dido, 739 
Dii CoQMiites, 731 
Dii IndigStes, 730 
DiomSdes, S67 
Dionysus, 250, &c., 353, 665 
Diong, 15S, 251 
Dioscuri, 667 
Dis, 692 
Doduna, 48 
Dolios, 634, &c., 642 
Dragon, 557, 813, 844 
Dnikhs, 7SS 
Dnalism, 792 
BjoiiB, 34, 42, 160, 377, 508, 

692 
DjauBlntar, 35 



TICHO, 636 

-Ci Echidna. 14, Ifl, 201, 
301, 302, 776, 79^ 



Ggeria, 73S 

ma;tra,65S 

EleoiiiiiBii myitaieB, 111 

Elensis,I10, 115.126 

EljBiom, 410 

EndjPinion, 9, ID, 190, 463 

£n!p«Tu, 532 

Eno^chthoD, 57 

EdjsUob, 654 

Enyo, 654 

EanA, 75, 126 

Eos, 394, 575, 652, 767 

Epipbos, 468 

£^hialtes, 650 

Epigooi, 527 

EpimiUiens, 480, &c. 

Erito, 666 

EiSbdi, 663 

Erechthena, 392, 393 

Eiinyes, 386 

Erinys, 234, 363, 387, 767 

Eriphyle, 525 

EriB, 171, 665 

EroH, 171, 178, 661, 664, 

785 
Eiymantliiaa boar, 283 
Eteoclea, 364, 625 
Ethiopia, 468 
Enmsna, 633 
Eumenides. 366, 386, 727 
EuQomuB, 288, 263 
Europa, 11, 349, 406, &c. 
EmyBiiaBBa, 493 
EuiTcleia, 640, &c. 
Emydlce, 205, 399 
Eiicydika, 206, 399, !(c„ 

817 



11 



\ "&ai«|\-Qa,\\,^^,«.\ 



INDEX. 



247 



ETJT 




HIA 


pe, 656 




TI-ADES, 40, 70, &c., 105 
rl Haemon, 391 


le, 519, &;c. 








Halirrhothios, 156 






Hamadryads, 646 


?NIR, 15, 69, 201, 


334, 


Harmonia, 171,410, 525, &c. 


777, 804, 812 




Harits, 69, 165, 434, 779 


,728 




TTar-pi-chruti, 749 


a, 733 




Harpies, 283, 655, 673 


lis, 733 




HarpocrStes, 749 


lius, 659, 742 




Hebe, 88, 671 


un. 793 




Hecabe, 560, &c. 


t, or Friga, 825 




Hecaergos, 210 


y, 825 




Hecate, 106, 211 


. giants, 649 




Hftciitos, 210 
Hector, 572, 587, 594 
Hecuba, 560 


[A, 28, 30 




Helen, 170, 234, 601, 767 


Gaieochos, 57 




HeHades, 648 


.harvas, 276, 505 




Helios, 55, 107, 188, 429, &c., 


^medes, 475 




HeUe, 539, 824 


nus, 711 




Hellen, 462 


i, 729 




Hellespont, 539, 578 


on, 714 




HeUi, 678 


ts, 649 




HemSra, 158 


ntes, 649 




Hephaestus, 46, 88, 127, 131, 


i, 807 




. 179, &c. 


cus, 572 




Hera, 46, 58, 82, &c., 181 


ke, 354, 544 




Heracles, 14, 16, 23, 80, 262, 


topis, 145 




&c., 306, 468 


en Meece, 416, 


538, 


Hercules, 711, &c. 


2 




Herciilus, 711 


;on, 14, 145, 316, 


508, 


Hermes, 19, 114, 221, &c.. 


5 




401, 468, 708 


es, 164, 434, 779 




Herodotus, 475, &c. 


livus, 741 




Herse, 396, 681 


86, 302, 317, 318, 


332, 


Hesiod, 483 


13, 654 




Hesioneus, 494, &c. 


n, 445, 806, &c. 




Hesperides, 285, 332 


run, 287, 807, 819, 


&c. 


Hespgrus, 666 


nar, 807, 822 




Hestia, 46, 94, &c 


orm, 807 




I ll\a\:5TQY,V^^ 



248 



INDEX. 



HIP 
HippoDO&B, 509 
Hjordis, 811 

Homeric Geography, 644 
Hone, 164 
Horns, 749 
Houris, 830 
Human Sacrifices, 617 
Hupnos, 573, 674 
Hy&des, 647 
Hydra, 283 
Hymen, 672 
Hyperborean G^ardens, 319, 

350, 389 
Hyperion, 28, 548 



IACCHOS, 710 
lalmenos, 567 
lamidse, 519 
lamos, 282, 460, 519, &c., 

524, 813, 814 
lapetus, 28 
Icarus, 486, &c. 
Ida, 33, 377, 561 
Ilia, 700 

Iliad, 578, 597, 616 
IlioE, 558 

Inachus, 465, &c., 489 
Indigetes, 730 
Indra, 15, 19, 349, 367, 368, 

557, 602, 622, 774 
Ino, 252, 539 
lo, 251, 465, &c. 
lobates, 513 
locaste, 282, 362, &c., 367, 

373, 460 
lolcos, 544 

lole, 16, 278, 280, 293, 460 
Iphigenela, 217, 218, 568 
Iris, 673, 785 
Ischys, 441 



LAD 

Isfendiyar, 176, 817 
Ishtar, 762 
Isis, 470, 748 
Ixion, 8, 93, 494, &c 



JANUS, 707 
Jason, 352, 540, &c., 618, 
823 
Juno, 90, 688, &c. 
Jupiter, 16, 685, &c, 713 
Jupiter Elicius, 687 

— Pluyius, 687 

— Terminus, 687 
Juyentas, 671 



KAIKIAS, 715 
KaMa, 278 
Kakias, 715 
Kebren, 563 
Keleos, 110, 118 
Kephalos, 16, 394, &c., 818 
Kepheus, 322 
Kerberos, 78, 399 
Kikones, 627 
Kirke, 630 
Kokutos, 679, 680 
Kore, 121, 815 
Koryphasia, 132 
Kneph, 746 
Krishna, 789 
Kybebe, 670 
Kyllene, 222 



LABYBINTH of 
352, 486, &c. 



Crete. 



Laertes, 667 

LffistiygoniaDS, 630 

L^os, 13, 326, 358, 374 

Xampetie, 431, 631 

LaocooD, 

Idomedon, 60, 61, 325 

Lares, 722 

lAiTEe, 725 

Laverna, 736 

LaUum, 717 

LatmoB, 10, 192, 463 

Latona, 10, 70S 

Leda, 705 

LemSrsB, 725 

Lemseaa Hydia, 283 

Ltlhe, 679, 681) 

Leto, 10, 46, 181, 489, &c. 

Loki, 827, S2S 

LotophSgi or Lotos fioters, 627 

LueerfuH, 686 

Lycia, 126, 192. 412, 454,57* 

Jjjdaiia, 48, 454 

Lucna, 105, i5i 

Lnna, 195, 4S4 

Lj'cion, 460, &c. 

Lykeg^es, 10, 102, 4S4 



MA 
I 



787 
Haia, 221 
Mamera, 698 
Hanes, 724 
Mann, 469, 462, 701 
Mare, 152, 607, 741, 781 
MaruU, 162, 781, S26 
Matuta, 695 
Marors, 608 
Medeia. of Medea, 352, 476, 

492. 640, &c, 5S3, B23 



Megupeiithoa, 324 
MelaDipUB, 623 
Mekntbios, 634 
Melantho, S42 
Melesger, 199, 414 
Meleagros,100,414,&c.,f 

604 
Melpomene, 666 
M™noD,675 
MemJaiia, 170, 664, Ac. 
Meccnrj, 708 
Meiope, 368 
Metaneire, 112. 113 
Milcom, 769 
Miaerva, 147, 148,696 
Minos, 462, 617, 791 
Minatanr, 14^ 34S 
Mcene, 371, 415 
Moira, 371 
Moliones, 651 
Moloch, 766, 758, &c. 
Honeta, 690, 606 
Morpheus, 674 
Muldber, 741 
Muses, 656 
Mjmudons, 593, 



&c 



Keffira, 431 
Hobo, 761 
Nectar, 191, 492 
HBith, 762 
Melius, 632 



250 



INDEX. 



KBP 
Nephelg, 539, 824 
Neptune (Neptumis), 691 
Nereus, 66, 188, 429, 691 
Nestor, 667 
Nessus, 290, &c, 662 
Nibelungen Lied, 346, 648, 

802 
NibeluDgs, 346, 824 
Niflheim, 824 
Niflungs, 126, 824 
Niobe, 489 
Nisus, 461, 616, Sec 
Noma, 831 
Numa, 736 
Nysa, 254 



CANNES, 766 
Odin, 345, 80§, 826, 832 
Odysseus, 297, 682, 620, &c., 

636, 641 
OEagros, 398 
CEdipus, 13, 20, 367, &c. 
(Eneus, 414 

GEnone, 16, 206, 663, &c., 599 
Ogyges, 459 
Ogygia, 631 
Olympus, 108 
Ops, 716 
Oreithyia, 652 
Orestes, 570 
Orion, 657 
Ormuzd, 795, &c. 
Orpheus, 398, &c. 
Ortbros, 78, 778 
Ortygia, 126, 193, &c., 219, 

412, 453, 530 
Osiris, 748, 815 
Otos, 650 

Ouranos, 28, 29, 30, 771 
Outis, 629 



FH(E 

PAIEON, 440 
Pallas, 138, 668 
F&les, 726 
PaHci, 726 
Pan, 669 
Pand&rgos, 491 
Pandora, 142, 483, &c. 
Pani, 602, 767 
Pare®, 727 
PSris, 13, 18, 19, 89, 170, 

560, &c., 599, 602, 604 
Parnassus, 202, 458 
Parthenon, 146 
Pasiphlie, 348, 349 
Patroclos, 438, 673, 685, 608, 

&c. 
Peg&sus, 612 
Pelasgus, 460 
Peleus, 64, 171, 565 
Pelias, 534, &c., 640, 543 
Pelops, 491 
Penates, 723 
Peneius, 204 
Penelope, 351,487, 622, &c., 

633, 639 
Pentheus, 258 
Periphetes, 346 
Perseus, 13, 14, 23, 73, 199, 

249, 304, &c. 
Persephone, 74, 104, 116, 

177, 355 
Persephassa, 74 
Phaethon, 428, 438 
Phaethusa, 431, 631 
Phseakia, 631, 644 
Phineus, 321 

Philoctetes, 199, 297, 338 
Phlegethon, 679, 680 
Phlegyas, 440, 449 
P\icftb\i8, 10, 14, 16, 37, 55, 
\'$>^, ^Q,., ^\^ 



IKBEX. 



251 



PHCE 
Phoenix, the bird, 764 
Phoenix, 406, 412, 460, 682 
Phoenicia, 407, 412, 463, 674, 

644 
Phoronens, 8, 236, 486, 489, 

783 
Phrixus, 638, &c., 824 
Phthah, 762 
Picus, 738 
Picumnns, 739 
Pierides, 666 
Pieros, 666 
Pilnmnus, 739 
Pirene, 612 
Pleiades, 660 
Pluto, 692 
Pollux, 460, 667 
Polybus, 358 
Polydectes, 14, 76, 312, 316, 

322, 326 
Polydegmon, 76, 326 
Polydeukes, 460, 667 
Polymetis, 487 
Polymnia, 666 
Polyneikes, 364, 626 
Polyphemus, 384, 492, 628 
Pomona, 738 
Pontus, 28, 66 
Poseidon, 40, 62, &c.; 96, 

326 
Potnia, 67 
Prsetus, 611 
Pramantha, 474, 703 
Priam, 13, 662, &c., 696 
Priapus, 663 
Procris, 16, 217, 392, &c., 

406, 818 
Procrustes, 346 
Prodicus, the Sophist, 277 
Prometheus, 39, 141, 236, 

468, 467, &c., 783 



SEM 
Proteus, 267, 662, 668, 765 
Proserpina, 692 
Protogeneia, 462, &;c. 
Prytaneium, 99 
Psyche, 664 
Psychopompos, 244 
P^^phleggthon, 679, 680 
i^rrha, 468, 460 
Python, 14, 69, 200, 201 

rvUIRlNUS, 701 



"D A, 763 



Bagnar Lodbrog, 821 
Kecaranus, 711, 713 
Begin, 186, 346, 804 
Kemus, 699, &e. 
Eibhu, 400 
Eishis, the Seven, 457, 459 

782 
Eomiilus, 13, 443, 699, &e. 
Kudra, 789 
Bustem, 15, 176 



SALMONEUS, 663 
Sarama, 231, 233, 674, 
601, 767 
Saranyu, 232, 387, 388, 767 
Sarpedon, 232, 373, &c., 574 
^arvara, 79, 714 
Saturn, 716 
Savitar, 790 
Scylla, 462, 615, 631 
Seirens, 631 
Selene, 9 
Selli, 578 
Semele, 261, 252, 253, 261 



25S 



CCDEZ. 



8EB 

Sfrapis. 751 

^^et or Seth, 748 

Seven Sages, 457 

Shamas, 760 

.Shemesh, 760 

Sidero, 638 

Sigurd, 15, 16, 69, 76, 185, 

287, 302, 604, 808, &c. 
Sigmimd, 345, 808, &c 
Silenos, 677 
Silvanus, 788 
Sinis, 346 
Sintians, 181 
Sipylus, 491 
SisypbuB, 610 
Siva, 786, &c. 
Skuld, 832 

.SkyUa, 462, 515, &<^, 631 
Solvmi, 613 

Spento-mainyus, 797, 799 
Sphinx, 14, 20, 201, 360, &:c., 

378, &c., 492, 777 
SterOpe, 30 
Stymphalus, 283 
StA-x, 679, 680 
Symplegades, 640 



TAMANAKS, 464 
Tammuz, 174, 763 
Tantalus, 20, 289, 491, &c. 
Tartarus, 30 

Telemachus, 438, 634, &e. 
Telephassa, 11, 406, &c. 
Telephus, 11 
Telphusa, 200 
Terminus, 687 
Terpsichore, 666 
Teutamidas, 323 
TJwleJa, 656 
Thanatos, 300, 448, 573 



TTB 
Thanmafl, 655 
Thebes, 409 
Th&nia, 191 
Theogoiiie8,48 
Thennddon, 472 
Theseus, 14, 16, 23, 199, 302, 

841, &e^ 366 
Thftis, 58, 170 
Thais, 529, 565, 590 
Thor, 825 
Thor Miohiir, 651, 781, 

826 
Thoni,821 
Thraetiba, 69 
Thnae, 230, 246 
ThrmaUa, 631 
Thucydidee, 478 
Thnnday, 825 
Thyone, 261 
Tiphys, 540 
'Hryns, 324 
Tisiphone, 386 
Titaresius, 49 
Titans, 38 
Tithonos, 576 
Tin, 35 
Traitana, 69 
Trimurti, 786 
Triptolemus, 113 
Trita, 68, 136, 780 
Tritop&tor, 68 
Tritogeneia, 68, 133, 780 
Triton, 68, 133 
Trolls, 649 
Troy, 658, &c. 
Troy, tale of, 600, &c. 
Tuesday, 36 

Twilight of the Gods, 833 
Typhaon, 200 
Typhon, 384 
\ Tyco, 5^1 



INDEX. 



253 



UBA 

URANIA, 666 
Uranus, 28, 771 
Urd, 831 
Ushas, 719, 767, 784 



VALHALLA, 829 
Valkyries, 830 
Varuna, 29, 770, &c. 
Venus, 702, &c. 
Vertunmus, 738 
Verethra, 793 
Verethragna, 793 
Vesta, 102, 693 
Vishnu, 786, &c. 
Volsung, 803 
Volsunga Saga, 802 
Vritra, 15, 79, 201, 334, 383, 

775, &c. 
Vritrahan, 793 
Vulcan, 183, 704, 741 



WEATHERSKY, 662 
Wednesday, 825 



I 



ZOH 
Werdand, 831 
Wooden Horse, 676 

XANTHOS, the horse, 64, 
438, 592 
Xanthos, the stream, 574 
Xerxes, 202 
Xisuthrus, 459, 764 



yAMA, 79, 778 

ZAGR^OS, 665 
Zephyrus, 673 
Zeus, 24, &c., 40, 41, 46, 58. 

77, 129, 482, 771 
ZeuB-pater, 35 
Zeus Ephestios, 50 

Horios, 687 

Horkios, 50 

Xenios, 50 

Zio, 35 
Zohak, 69, 793 



LOXDOX 
mix TED BY SPOTTIBWOODF. AND CO 






'A 



i 



BY THE SAME AUTHOR. 



Preparing for Publication, 

A HISTORY OF GREECE. 

^RAWW FROM OBIGIKAL AUTHORITrES, AND DESIGNED 
CHIEFLY FOB THE USB OF COLLEGES AND SCHOOLS. 



At present, readers who cannot afford the time to go through 
the histories of Bishop Thirlwall and Mr. G-rotb, or who have 
not the means of procuring those works, are confined to the 
smaller histories published for the use of schools. Without 
detracting from the merit of compilations, some of which have 
been drawn up with conscientious care, it may be admitted that 
their style generally is unattractive. Youthful readers especially, 
feeling that the book before them is practically an abridgment, 
Seal to take an interest in what appears to them a wearisome and 
monotonous task. To awaken the interest of the young a work 
should be free from such faults, which in abridgments or com- 
pilations it is, perhaps, impossible to avoid. Such a work, drawn 
strictly &om original sources, after a careful examination of the 
researches of modem writers, the Author hopes that he may be 
able to supply for the use, not only of students in our Uni- 
versities and public schools, but also of readers generally, who 
may wish to gain a real knowledge of the History of Ghreece 
through a work of moderate compass. The History of Greece 
will be followed by the History of Rome, on the same plan and 
by the same Author. 

Recently Published. 

TALES from GREEK MYTHOLOGY, 3«. Qd. 

TALES of the GODS and HEROES, 6<. 

TALES of THEBES and ARGOS, 4«. 6rf. 

The TALE of the GREAT PERiaik^ ^ ^^1%.^^^ 



* There are thousands of students who will be glad of such a. 
cyclopeedia; and in extending it to three Tolumes, the Editors' 
have, in our opinion, acted wisely. This extension enables them 
to take a middle position between prolixity and incompleteness: 
and for many years to come the new edition will occupy an 
important place amongst really valuable books/ 

Imtbixectuai. Obsebyes. 

* What is wanted in a cyclopaedia of this kind is not so much 
original views, or merely tentative knowledge, but the best and 
latest information put in a concise form. A cyclopaedia should 
as far as it is possible, be a library in itself, equally useful to 
the man of letters, the engineer, the clergyman, or the agricul- 
turist. And Brandb's IHctioAary of Science, Literature, and 
Art fulfils these conditions. So far as oiir knowledge in special 
subjects goes, the Fourth Edition is entitled to special praise. 
Its derivations are good, the descriptions are sober, the latest 
authorities are quoted, and the whole is distinguished by a 
thorough tone of liberality. What gives the work yalue in our 
eyes is its thoroughly impartial tone. Too often cydopaedias are 
coloured with some peculiar theological views, or biassed bj 
some abstract metaphysical considerations. From any bigotry w 
this or any other kind, Bbande's Dictionary is entirely free.' 

Westminsteb Rbyhw. 

Loudon : TJO^Qi^K^'^ iwA^^, 



Now complete, in 3 vols, medium Svo, price 63«. 

THE DICTIONARY OF SCIENCE, 
LITERATURE, ANB ART; 

Comprising the Definitions and Derivations of the Scientific 
Terms in general use, together with the History and 
Descriptions of the Scientific Principles of nearly 

every branch of Human Knowledge. J 

FOURTH EDITION. 

XDITBD BT 

W. T. BRANDE, D.C.L. F.R.S.L. & R 

Late of Her Ma^est^e Mint, 

AKD 

GEORGE W. COX, M.A. 

LaU Scholar of Trinity Oolleffet Oafordi 

Ab slated bj Contrilraton of Sminent Seiantiiie and 
Llterarj Aoqnirementa. 



CLASSICAL WORKS 

By the same Author. 

TALES from GEEEK MYTHOLOGY. 

Second Edition, thoroughly revised. Square 16mo. price 
3«. 6d doth, gilt edges. 

This book is intended for very young children. The Greek 
legends which it contains are given simply as tales such as they 
were held to be in the ages which followed on the period 
during which these myths were the common speech of the 
people. They are so narrated that the steps may be unbroken 
which lead from the simple acquaintance with these stories to 
that minute analysis of their origin and growth which the 
science of Comparative Mythology has enabled us to accomplish. 
The notes are designed to make the book serviceable for purposes 
of instruction as weU as of amusement. 

TALES of the GODS and HEKOES. 

Second Edition, thoroughly revised; with 6 Illustrations 
on Wood. Fcp. 8vo. price 6«. 

Among the tales supplied by the vast stores of Greek legend, 
some are exceedingly simple in their character, while others are 
very complicated. In the series entitled Tales from Greek 
Mythology care was taken not to include any tales involving 
ideas which young children would not readily understand ; but 
most of the stories given in this volume cannot be told without 
a distinct reference to deified heroes and the successive dynasties 
of the Hellenic Gk)ds. The present work consists of tales, many 
of which are among the most beautiful in the mythology common 
to the great Aryan family of nations. The simplicity and ten- 
derness of many of these legends suggest a comparison with the 
general character of the Northern mythology ; while others tend 
in a great measure to determine the question of a patriarchal 
religion, of which the mythical tales of Greece are supposed to 
have preserved only the faint and distorted conceptions. 



London: LONGM^^ wA^^. 



CLASSICAIi WORKS 

By the same Author . 



TALES of THEBES and AEGOS. 

Fcp. 8yo. price 4«. 6d, 

Of the tales related in this Tolarae the greater number are 
legends belonging to the families of (Edipus and Perseus. These 
dynastic stories of Thebes and Aigos are given as nearly in their 
original form as seems to be possible when the conflicting yer- 
sions of poets and mythologists are taken into account. An 
examination of these tales can scarcely fail to show their afSnitj 
with many of the legends already recounted in the preceding 
volume, T^e Gods and Heroes. This task has led to an analyas 
of the great legend of the Trojan war, as well as of some other 
myths which are narrated in the so-called Homeric hymns, and to the oon- 
elusion that the Iliad is, in ita framework and in all its more prominent 
features, the oonnterpart of the grreat ^cs of Northern Europe, and that 
the story of Achillens is only a more magnificent version of the legends of 
Perseas, Theseus, Meleagros, or Bellerophon. The l^^nds related in 
the present volume, together with those which have been recounted in the 
Tale* from Oreek Mythologif and Tales of the God* and Heroe*, contain, it is 
hoped, the main substance of Greek Mythology as contrasted with that of 
Rome, and furnish the means for classifying Q-reek legends according to the 
measure in which they retain or depart from the common mythical speech 
of the Aryan race, as exhibited especially in the earlier Sanskrit literature. 

The TALE of the GREAT PERSIAN WAR, 

from the Histories of Herodotus. Fcp. 8vo. with 12 Wood- 
cuts, price Ts.Sd. 

The narrative of the Persian War can scarcely be divested of 
its original form without weakening or destroying its vigour and 
beauty ; and if presented in any other shape, it may satisfy the 
requirements of modem criticism, but it will not be the same 
history which rose before the mind of Herodotus. There are 
many translations of Herodotus, but no translation can be free 
from some at least of the many defects which are incidental to 
the work of expre<^ng literally in one language the thoughts and feelings 
of another. The narrative of Herodotus is also interrupted by long episodes 
and complicated digressions ; and it has been thought that the omission of 
such portions, not belonging immediately to his main subject, will give a 
more faithful and vivid idea of the general manner of the historian. The 
present volume is an attempt to reproduce in an English dress for readers 
generally, and without the restraints imposed on a professed translation, a 
narrative rich with all the wealth of Homeric imagery, and never perhaps 
surpassed in the majesty of epical conception. The narrative has been 
critically examined in the chapters appended to the tale. 

¥/ 1^ 

London: ■L0^G>lsViC5^§>«iA^<;>. 1 ' 



i 



I 



