

LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.

G^ap. - . . (itinnrir;I|l !f 0.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

Symbological Catechism:

OK is:e:y to

THE SYMBOLOGY OF THE BIBLE.

V

A. J. MAPES.

"And that from a child thou hast known the holy script- ures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus." — 2 Tim. 3:15.

INDEPENDENCE, MO

THE GAZETTE PRINTING HOUS 1890.

±

COPYRIGHTED MARCH, 1890.

BY

A. J. MAPES.

*

PREFACE.

Resolved^ That the more a man studies the Bible under a freedom from prejudice and pre- possessions, and with the utmost desire to un- derstand the things taught therein in their plainness and simplicity, the more he will under- stand them.

Resolved, That let a man study the Bible ever so much under a prejudiced and prepossessed mind, and it is possible for him never to arrive at a certain understanding of but few of the things it really does teach.

Resolved, That although a man should study the Bible ever so much, and yet draw his con- clusions timidly, lest he should cross the track of his church or the ministers thereof, is in a fair way to be ^^ever learning, and never able to come to a knowledge of the truth."

Resolved, That those who would hold the same views as nearly as possible in regard to the things of the Bible, should endeavor, as far as possible, to dispense with all prejudice and pre-

possessions, and to form their own conclusions, notwithstanding they should thereby cross the well-worn track of their respective churches and the ministers thereof.

Resolved, That the best way for a man to get rid of his prejudice and prepossessions in regard to the things of the Bible, is to make the Book itself his chief study, and to strive with all his might to form his own conclusions, in spite of the teachings of his church or his great ones.

Resolved, That the friends of the Bible should make the Book itself their chief study, seeing it is not because they have searched its pages too much, that they are divided up into so many factions, but because they have searched them too little.

Resolved, That the author of this work does not necessarily vouch for the infallibility of the conclusions set forth therein ; and this for the reason that he is convicted in his own mind of not being as yet cured of all prejudice and pre- possessions in regard to Bible things.

Resolved, That should this work turn out to be an assistance to the friends of the Bible in their researches after Bible things, its highest object will be realized.

CONTENTS.

Chapter I. The Edenic Guards.

Chapter II. The Noachian Ship.

Chapter III. The Confusion of Tongues.

Chapter IV. The Numeric Offering.

Chapter V. The Judaic Scepter.

Chapter VI. The Imperial Image.

Chapter VII. The Babylonian Lion.

Chapter VIII. The Medo-Persian Bear.

Chapter IX. The Macedonian He-Goat.

VI CONTENTS.

Chapter X. The Romish Dreadful Beast.

Chapter XL The Romish Crescive Hcn-n.

Chapter XII. The Romish Numeric Beast.

Chapter XIII. The Coming Romish Beast.

Chapter XIV. The Great City Babylon.

Chapter XV. Christ and His Army.

Chapter XVI. The Last Great Rebellion.

A SYMBOLOGICAL CATECHISM.

CHAPTER I.

THE EDENIC GUARDS.

Question. If, according to Gen. 2 : 9, the tree of life was planted in the midst of the gar- den of Eden; and if, according to Gen. 3:24, the cherubims and the flaming sword were placed thus and so, how was it possible for them to have kept ^^the way of the tree of life/' except the garden itself had been an inclosure inacces- sible to mortal man, except through a single entrance in the east?

Answer. But if its cherubic guards were liv- ing entities, and intelligent, is it necessary that it should have been an inclosure? Only, there- fore, under the idea that its guards were an arti- ficial means appointed ^^to keep the way of the tree of life,'' would the intimation arise that the garden itself was an inclosure, and inaccessible to mortal man, except through a single entrance.

Q. But could not God, who is supposed to be all-wise and all-powerful, have prevented the

THE EDENIC GUARDS.

man and his wife, from time to time, from re- entering their lost home, without the use of guards at all?

A. But what sort of a God would he be of whom it could be said that he might have acted more wisely than he did act?

Q. For the said cherubims, however, with their flaming sword, to have been guards in any effectual sense, is it not required, of course, that they should have been endowed with some power extraordinary?

A. That God might have so endowed them, we could no more question than we could ques- tion the reality of Aaron's rod, the brazen ser- pent, or the urim and thummim.

Q. But would it not be more rational to sup- pose that such things were only so many natural objects, used to direct the attention of man to where God was about to manifest his power directly?

A. But should it be accounted more difficult for the Almighty to have endowed certain nat- ural objects with such and such supernatural powers and virtues, than it was for him to endow the grain of wheat or the acorn with power, un- der certain conditions, to germinate and grow? If God is God, what is there that is impossible to him?

THE NOACHIAN SHIP.

CHAPTER II.

THE NOACHIAN SHIP.

Question. Supposing such a craft as Noah's ark to have been a reaUty, is there not room for the notion, entertained by many, that in size, it was not sufficient to have saved alive all the living creatures that could not have survived the flood?

Answer. If, according to Gen. 6:15, its length was three hundred cubits, its breadth fifty cubits, and its height thirty cubits; and if a cubit with the ancient Hebrews, as it is well made out, especially in Chapter 16 of a work entitled, '^Our Inheritance in the Great Pyra- mid," was a little more than twenty-five inches; and whereas, according to this estimate, Noah's ark must have been more than three hundred feet long, by over one hundred and fifty feet broad, by over sixty feet high; and whereas, therefore, its interior dimensions must have been all of twenty-seven million cubic feet; and whereas, a space of nine cubic feet must have been a sufficient average for its entire crew, counting say from the smallest bird up to a

THE NOACHIAN SHIP.

full grown mastodon; and whereas, under this rule it might have contained a crew of no less than three hundred thousand, great and small, therefore, to doubt its capacity to have saved alive all the living creatures instanced in Gen. 6:18-22, and Gen. 7:1-5, should we not have to conclude that there was more than three hun- dred thousand of them?

Q. Is it not remarkable, however, that a craft so noted, and in dimensions so great, should have been left (if under divine direction) upon the mountains of Ararat, only to be speedil}- hid up in its snowy grave, so that man in a few generations would have no means of knowing for himself that it or the flood had ever been?

A. If that is worthy of note which is had in Josephus, book i, chapter 3, paragraph 6, con- cerning one Borossus who had it second hand, (third century B. C), that some of the remains of the ark were still to be seen by explorers, does it not follow that its testimony concerning its own reality and that of the flood, was not yet withdrawn from the world for more than two thousand years after its landing upon the mount- ains of Ararat?

Q. But, allowing it to have been all the while openly exposed to those forces which cause all

I

THE NOACHIAN SHIP. S

material things to crumble, is it not vain to sup- pose that one particle of it would have remained tangibly intact after two thousand years or more?

A. From Gen. 7:11-24, and (len. 8:1-14, we understand that in one hundred and fifty days after the commencement of the flood, the earth was flooded to its greatest depth; that at the very time that the earth was thus flooded to its greatest depth the ark was landed on the mountains of Ararat; that in one hundred and thirteen days after the landing of the ark, the tops of all the mountains were lifted above their watery graves; and that in sixty days more from that time, the earth was dry, and the flood a thing of the past.

Q. But would not the ark, therefore, on the very account of its vast elevation, in several years at most, be so completely buried up in one monstrous field of snow as to forbid its witnessing ever thereafter to the eyes of any ex- plorer, its own reality or the fact that there had ever been a flood so great as to overtop all the high hills, and the mountains too?

A. But from what is known of the habits of those ice-crowned mountains, was it not possi-

THE NOACHIAN SHIP.

ble, and also probable, that after so many cen- turies it would in some huge glacier be worked to one side and at last be carried down to a more genial clime, there to witness to many an earnest explorer the dreadful happening of many centuries before because of sin on the one hand, but that wondrous deliverance because of fidelity and obedience on the other?

THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES.

CHAPTER III.

THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES.

Question. Under the view that Noah's ark and the flood were realities, was it possible that within less than one hundred and fifty years after the flood, and more than two hundred years prior to the death of Noah, any of his descend- ants should have been so profoundly ignorant of the nature of things as to have really under- taken to build a tower whose top should reach to heaven?

Answer. But if the apparent heaven was meant, or that space which sets in above the clouds, are there any reasons why they might not, after so long a time, have accomplished their purpose? Is it not certain, from Gen. 11:5-9, that, had it not been for the confusion of their language, they would at last, through persist- ence, have reached a success?

But if, before the flood, right in the face of Noah's preaching and the example set by him- self and family, all others became so utterly corrupt as to require that they should be clean- swept from the earth, is it a wonder that his

8 THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES.

descendants, in one hundred and fifty years, or nearly, should already have learned to invent and to follow their own vagaries?

Q. But if Noah was yet alive at the confusion of tongues, and if, in the words of Gen. 11:9, ^'The Lord did there confound the language of all the earth," does it not follow that Noah himself must have been caught under the curse, and for the reason, of course, that he must have been led away at last by the follies of his near descendants?

A. But there being nothing in the story, all told, to justify the notion that Noah, with the earth's entire population, should have assembled on the plains of Shinar at one and the same time, ostensibly to build the tower of Babel; and whereas, it would be hard to believe that one with an experience such as he alone possessed should have been at last caught in the snare of his own near descendants, not certain at all is it that he, too, fell a victim to the astounding curse.

Q. But if all men then living were not assem- bled at such a time to build the tower of Babel, and if the language of those who were not assem- bled on that occasion was not confounded, does

THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES.

it not follow that the Adamic language must have remained as a living language, notwith- standing the declaration in Gen. 11:9, that "the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth?"

A. As Noah can never with justice be num- bered with those who conspired in a work so vain (judging from his course before the flood), and whereas the evidence is wanting to the effect that the earth's entire population did ever for any purpose assemble at one and the same time on the plains of Shinar, therefore should the idea maintain, not that the language of all the living was then and there confounded, 'but that the language that was then common to all the earth was thus affected. Nor is this construc- tion to be at all evaded, in case he is to be up- held as having been honorable throughout, who was the chief but humble instrument for the temporal salvation of a miniature world.

lO THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

CHAPTER IV.

THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

Question. Whereas, according to Gen. 15:7, it must be conceded that Abraham was person- ally to inherit the land of Canaan; and whereas, his inquiry as set forth in Gen. 15:8, necessarily implies that he expected so to inherit it, how is it, after all, as may be fairly inferred from Gen. 15:13-16, that although he was to be buried '^in a good old age," his promised Canaan was still to be in the hands of his enemies?

Answer. Letting the three beasts and the two birds mentioned in Gen. 15:9 stand for nineteen whole numbers and sixty-eight hun- dredths, and supposing Isaac to have been in his eighteenth year at the time his father under- took, as set forth in Gen. 22:1-13, to offer him up as a burnt offering, and should it turn out, that, from that occurrence, to the crucifixion of Christ was indeed about nineteen centurial gener- ations and sixty-eight years over, we should then have about the same distance, in years, from the attempted offering up of Isaac to the crucifixion of Christ that it was to be from bis crucifixion

THE NUMERIC OFFERING. II

I to the first year of the millennium inclusive, the : year in which Abraham, with all his faithful de- [scendants, through Isaac in the resurrected state, are personally to inherit their promised land, which is then to include all that country that extends all the way from the Nile to the Eu- phrates.

Q. But what basis is there for the idea that the said beasts and birds altogether were a rep- resentation of any specific number of years, great or small? What is there in the text to sup- port the plan?

A. The simple fact that in answer to Abra- ham's earnest inquiry as to how he was to know that he was personally to inherit so great a coun- try, he was told to take unto him three beasts of the age of three years each; also a turtle dove and a young pigeon. And inasmuch as he divided each of the said beasts in two equal parts, it is fair to conclude that he was told so to divide them. But although he might not have understood from this that an equal num- ber of years was to be chronicled both back- ward and forward of the date that the all-suffi- cient sacrifice was to be made, yet in answer to his question, as to how he was to know that he

THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

was personally to inherit all the land that was promised him, what significance could the whole affair have had to him in case he perceived not that he was not so to inherit it until after the lapse of so many centurial generations, after the offering up of the one all-sufficient sacrifice?

Q. But so long as we can conceive of no numerical significance for the said offering all told, what assurance have we that to Abraham it might have had a significance above what was common to an ordinary sacrifice?

A. Were we to multiply three, the number of the said beasts, by two, the number of pieces into which each was divided, and that again by three, the age of each, and to the product add one for the age of the turtle dove, supposing it to have been a yearling just, and to this again add .68 for the age of the young pigeon, supposing it to have been a little more than eight months old, we should obtain nineteen whole numbers and sixty-eight hundreths as a mere digital signifi- cance of all.

But as generations with Abraham were cen- turial, and as he would certainly estimate gen- erations to come by what had been their average length, it would seem almost certain,

THE NUMERIC OFFERING. I3

under a numerical significance for his offering, that he would not understand that, within no more than nineteen years and a fraction, he and his children, (when as yet he had none,) would be the personal inheritors of their prom- ised land. And not only this, but inasmuch as it is clearly implied in Gen. 15:13-16, that he was not to inherit it in his mortality, therefore is it certain that had he seen a digital significance at all in his offering, it would have been one im- plying so many centurial generations, and not so many single years.

Q. But while such might seem to have the semblance of fair reasoning, yet how was Abra- ham to know through what space the genera- tions supposed to be meant, were to be laid?

A. Whereas, according to the true chain of Bible chronology, it was a little more than two thousand years, counting from the fifty- second year of Abraham's life to the birth of Christ; and whereas, with thirty- three years added to his fifty-second year, he was brought to his eighty-fifth year; and whereas, it may be fairly inferred from Gen. 12:4-5, and Gen. 16:1-3, that eighty-five was about his age at the time he offered in sacrifice the said three beasts

14 THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

and two birds; and whereas, thirty-three years deducted from two thousand and one years would leave nineteen hundred and sixty-eight years, therefore did his offering tableau the dis- tance in years from the time it was made to the birth of Christ, whether he so understood it or not. But did he understand it? Who would say that the father of the faithful would be con- tent ere he had searched out the meaning of an offering so strangely composed?

Q. But how was he to know, if such was the fact, that the said offering was, under some numerical significance, to span out the distance in years from his attempted sacrifice of Isaac onward to the crucifixion of Christ?

A. If Abraham's age was eighty-five at the time of his strangely composed offering, and if Isaac was born fifteen years after that, as may be made out from Gen. 21:5, and if, as before supposed, Isaac was in his eighteenth year at the time he was about to be offered up, then was it thirty-three years from the time of Abraham's strangely composed offering forward to the year, inclusive, of his strange attempt to offer up the only heir of jjromise, and which would mean, of course, that if it was nineteen hundred

THE NUMERIC OFFERING. 15

and sixty-eight years from his strangely com- posed offering to the birth of Christ, it was also the same number of years from his strange attempt to offer up Isaac to the crucifixion of Christ.

x\nd again, if it was to be two thousand years from the birth of Christ to the first year of the millennium, inclusive, and if thirty-three years was his age at his passion, then was it to be nineteen hundred and sixty-eight years from that time to the first year of the millennium, inclusive.

But if, according to Heb. 11:17-19, after Abraham had been restrained from offering up his only son of promise, ^^he received him in a figure," the question arises, What could the affair have been a figure of, other than the offer- ing up of Christ as the all-sufficient sacrifice? And if he so understood it, why may it not have been flashed upon him even then that, as his numeric offering had spanned out for him the distance in years from the time it was made to the birth of Christ, it would also not only span out for him the distance in years from his attempted offering up of the son of promise to the real offering up of the only-begotten son of

l6 THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

God, but also the distance in years from that immaculate offering to the time that he, with all his faithful children through Isaac's line, are in the resurrected state to be in actual possession of all the land that was promised them.

But aside from what Abraham may have un- derstood, and if we may be direct without pre- tending to be positive ; if from the fifty-second year of Abraham's life to the time of his numeric oifering was thirty-three years, and if from that offering to the birth of Christ was nineteen hun- dred and sixty-eight years — then was it about two thousand and one years, inclusive, from Abraham's fifty-second year to the birth of Christ. And again, if from his numeric offering to his attempted offering up of Isaac was thirty- three years, inclusive, and if from that attempted offering to the crucifixion of Christ was nineteen hundred and sixty-eight years, then was it about two thousand and one years, inclusive, from his numeric offering to the crucifixion of Christ. And lastly, if from the birth to the crucifixion of Christ was thirty-three years, and if from his crucifixion to the first year of the millennium, inclusive, was to be nineteen hundred and sixty- eight years, then was it to be about two thousand

THE NUMERIC OFFERING. I 7

and one years from the birth of Christ to the first year of the millennium, inclusive — the year in which Abraham, with all his worthy progeny through the chosen line, are to be the personal inheritors of that which was promised them, all of four thousand years before.

Q. But what connection is to be established between all this and the patriarch's dream of a smoking furnace and a burning lamp? Gen.

15:17-

A. That as a dream it was fraught with mean- ing, we have but to contemplate this much, that -'a smoking furnace and a burning lamp" would be just about the description that would be expected to be given of a railroad engine as seen in motion after night, by one especially such as was Abraham, who had never before as much as seen or heard of a steam engine of whatever sort. So that, to contemplate the fact, in view of present railroad prospects, that before Abra- ham and his faithful children in the resurrected state are to be in actual possession of their promised land, that it is to be belted over with its railroads, and with one probably passing directly over the very ground where his noted offering was made, we have a reason apparent

1 8 THE NUMERIC OFFERING.

enough, not only why he should have dreamed what he did just after his offering was made, but also why the number of centurial generations indicated thereby should extend, in their final application, onward from the time of the all- sufficient sacrifice to the millennium begun, the time that the promised land, all of it. is to be restored to its rightful owners once for all.

THE JUDAIC SCEPTER. I9

CHAPTER V.

'['HE JUDAIC SCKPTKR.

Question. In Gen. 49:10, if what is said is really meant, is it not in certain conflict with the plainest facts in history? Is it not certain that the scepter did depart from the Jews, and a law-giver from their midst, more than once be- fore the days of Christ; and that now for many centuries they have been without even the sem- blance of a government of their own?

Answer. While, in a regal sense, we can never doubt that the scepter did more than once depart from them prior to the days of Christ, and that, in that sense, it has now for many centuries been departed from them, yet in the sense of authoritative foremanship or pre-eminence in regard to the other tribes of Israel, has not the scepter always been with the Jews? In Gen. 37:23-28, in the case of the en- mity of Joseph's brethren against him, it was through the foremanship of Judah that he was rescued from his living grave and sold to the Midianites. In Gen. 43:1-14, Judah is recog- nized by his father as the foreman of his brelh-

THE JUDAIC SCEPTER.

ren in their second expedition to buy corn from the Egyptians; and if he was their foreman then, the thought is not foreign that he might have been such during their first expedition to the land of the Pharaohs for the same purpose. In Gen. 46:26-28, upon the arrival of Jacob and his colony in Egypt, Judah, over any of his brethren, was sent in advance to Joseph to ob- tain directions as to their settlement in the land of Goshen. In Gen. 49:8. Judah was the one whom his brethren were to praise, and before whom his father's children were to bow down. In Psalms 78:67-68. the tribe of Judah was the one which God chose in preference even to ''the tabernacle of Joseph ' or ''the tribe of Ephraim." And whereas, it is declared in Heb. 7:14 in substance, that Christ was of the tribe of Judah, therefore is it certain, not only that the patriarchial foremanship was conferred upon Judah in person, but also that the tribal scepter was to continue with his tribe until Christ should come to be their Shiloh forever.

Q. But is it not true, at all events, that the Jews were without a law-giver more than once before the days of Christ, and have now been continuously so for many centuries?

THE JUDAIC SCEPTER. 21

A. Supposing the history of the Jews to have begun with their settlement in Goshen in the land of Egypt, they would at the present time aggregate a chronology of not less than thirty-six and a half centuries. But if a Jew has ever been a Jew, and is as much a Jew to- day as he ever was, how shall we account for the fact, (aside from the miraculous), except from the inference that a law-giver of some sort should have ever been in their midst, to perpetuate that sort of legislation without which they could not have been preserved as a race distinct, in spite of all captivity and the con- tinuous seductive influences of other nations?

While we might think of a Chinaman as being to-day just what a Chinaman was centuries and centuries ago, and this for the very reason that his government and country have always been so very exclusive of other nations, yet when we think of the length of time the Jews we^e in bondage to the Egyptians, the length of time they formed a part of one great nation with the other tribes of Israel, the length of time they were the captives of the Babylonians, the many times they were raided and spoiled by their numerous foes, and the many centuries through-

2 2 THE JUDAIC SCEPTER.

out which they have now been so thoroughly dispersed throughout other nations, it is no easy matter to think of their having been at any time entirely destitute of legislators, that were at least such to them, and that were at least Israel- itish, if not directly Judaic. In Psalms 60:7. David is made to call Judah his law-giver; and in what sense that would seem to be more con- sistent than that the common legislators, for the house of Judah at least, would always be re- quired to be as nearly Judaic as the race from time to time might afford ?

Q. But was not Moses, the great law-giver for the whole house of Israel, of the tribe of Levi? And has it not always been held that the Jewish Sanhedrim, in part at least, was always composed of members from that tribe?

A. While it was true enough that Jewish councils extraordinary were composed probably always of certain priestly officials who had to be of course of the tribe of Levi, it is nevertheless not certain from any scripture declaration that the ''elders of the people,'' as they were called, or any part of them, were of that tribe. But if we could make the elders of the people, that is, seventy of them, their Sanhedrim proper, none

THE JUDAIC SCEPTER. 23

of them being of the tribe of Levi, we could understand of course what would be the source of their common legislation, at least during the time of their concentered nationality.

Q. But has not the law of Moses as dis- pensed always by certain priestly officials of the Aaronic school, been the very means of their preservation so long as a distinct race ?

A. But how could a written law, no matter how perfect it might be, continue under the world's changing scenes, to be available with any people, without a system of living legisla- tion to keep it in vogue? While therefore, in a general way, it was true that certain priestly officials amongst the Jews were the proper ex- pounders, dispensers and judges of the Mosaic law, it does not follow that they were the legis- lators for the people, only so far as they, the dispensers and judges of the Mosaic law, might see cause to ratify or veto the enactments of the elders of the people.

(2- But would not this plan have made their priestly officials superior to their legislators?

A. It would, and just as it should do, seeing that the executive and judicial departments in any government ought to be superior to its

24 THE JUDAIC SCEPTER.

legislative department, and expressly so, to pre- vent the passage of obnoxious and nullifying laws.

Q. But although such might have been true throughout a portion of Jewish history, or that part of their history during which certain Levite priests seemed to be the guardians of the Mosaic law, what becomes of the plan before that law was given, and while they were subjects of the Pharaohs, and not under their own laws at all ?

A. While in that case we could not think of the Israelites, all told, as having been openly subject to any civil or political enactments other than those imposed by the Pharaohs, yet the moment we concede the fact that they must have remained in the mass a theocratic people throughout their bondage, it is only folly to conclude that they were not observant of certain rules and traditions heralded by or through their elders, if but covertly, that would tend to preserve them distinctly as the descendants of their ever honored ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Nor could we understand at all how their several tribes should have been so distin- guishable one from the other, even to the very close of their hard bondage, except under the

THE JUDAIC SCEPTER. 25

conception that some sort of legislation had not unfrequently been had amongst them, if but stealthily, through their elders.

Q. But in that case what would the elders from the tribe of Judah have to do with their contraband government more than those elders that were of their other tribes?

A. Nothing more. It is all-sufficient in fulfill- ment of Jacob's prophecy concerning Judah, that his tribe, so long as it should continue to be a tribe, was never to be without its legisla- tors or elders in an official and Judaic sense.

Q. But would not the fact that God made Moses a law-giver to the whole house of Israel conflict with the prediction of Jacob that the tribe of Judah, as such, was always to have law- givers in their midst, and such as were to be Judaic more than otherwise?

A. It would not, seeing that there is nothing in Jacob's prophecy requiring that no law-giver should ever be recognized by the Jews other than their common legislators or elders of the people. So that, although Moses has been their great law-giver for so many centuries, yet if they have ever been the chief tribe over the whole house of Israel; and if there has ever

26 THE JUDAIC SCEPTER.

been found amongst them, whether in a concen- tered or dispersed state, those that were legally the elders of the people, then is it true that the scepter has never departed from Judah, nor a law-giver from between his feet, and never will until Christ shall come to be their Shiloh, their peace forever.

THE IMPERIAL IMAGE. 27

CHAPTER VI.

I'HE IxMPERIAL IMAGE.

Question. It being conceded, of course, that the great image mentioned in Dan. 2:3t--35, should mean the Babylonian, the Medo-Persian, the Macedonian and the Roman empires, are there no reasons, under that application, why its head should have been of gold, its breast and arms of silver, its belly and thighs of brass, its legs of iron, and its feet and toes of iron and clay?

Ans'WER. If, in the order of its several parts, the several governments represented thereby were inferior one to the other in point of wealth, and yet, in the same order, superior one to the other in point of strength, just as gold is supe- rior to silver in point of wealth, but inferior to it in ])oint of strength ; and just as silver is superior to brass in point of wealth, but inferior to it in point of strength ; and just as brass is superior to iron in point of wealth, but inferior to it in point of strength ; then was there in the affair all that could be asked as a mere fitness of

28 THE I>rPERTAT. IMAGE.

things, and no less than what may be claimed on the side of history for those governments.

Q. But, under this rule, if the stone mentioned in Dan. 2:34-35, should mean, as it is always made to do, a certain universal kingdom that God was, or is, to establish, does it not follow that, as a government, it would have to be infe- rior to either of its predecessors in point of wealth ?

A. As to whether or not the plan should be so extended, let others judge. It is enough to al- low that that system which is to bring in the mil- lennium, and which is to fill the world during that time, will be as free as can be from the contingencies of money and wealth; and that for the simple reason that the subjects thereof, all of them, will be willing and zealous to obey the laws thereof, not for selfish purposes, but from the principles of genuine loyalty and ever- abiding patriotism.

Q. But if that kingdom, according to Dan. 2:44, is to ^^ break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms," is it not clear that the king- dom of God itself, at one time or another, is to become not only warlike and offensive, but even exterminatins: in its character?

THE iMPERiAT. lAtAGK. ■ 2g

A. Letting the fact that it was to be estab- lished without hands mean that it was not to be a humanly devised institution at all, but one that (jod himself was to establish directly through the spirit of prophecy and revelation ; and let- ting the fact appear that it was to roll forth by means of the same power by which it was estab- lished, unto the utter abolishment of all other systems, and the fact would necessarily be man- ifested that the kingdom of God, in itself, is never to become a warlike or an exterminating power in the ordinary sense of those terms ; nor, in fact, in any sense, except so far as that same })Ower by which it was established is to bring on the floods, the flames, the storms, the earth- quakes, and the pestilence, until not a single being in all the earth will be found who will not honor, obey and uphold the one peaceful government.

If, according to Zech. 14:14, the Jews are t(^ fight at Jerusalem, it will only be to expel an invading foe; and if, according to Isa. 1:27, Zion is to be redeemed, it will not be through the process of war on her part, but through tlie judgments of God poured out upon her enemies, because her converts are more righteous than they.

30 THE BABYLONIAN LION.

CHAPTER VII.

THE BABYLONIAN LION.

Question. Bible expounders being agreed, of course, that the golden head of the image which the king Nebuchadnezzar saw, and the lion with eagle's wings which Daniel saw, should both stand for the Babylonian empire, is it not re- markable, to say the least, that two objects so dissimilar should be chosen to represent the same government?

Answer. IvCtting the golden head of the said image mean that while the Babylonian empire, as a government, was superior to either of its three successors in point of wealth, it was infe- rior to either of them in point of strength ; and letting the fact of its being compared to a lion mean that, as a monarchy, it was bold and dar- ing in its warlike exploits, but never satisfied with conquest ; and letting the fact of its being compared to a lion with eagle's wings mean that, as a monarchy, it was not only monarch of the world, but so absolute of power as to move and to act independently above all things, or without regard to the will or the wishes of the high or

THE BABYLONIAN LION. 3 1

the low, the few or the many, and it would seem that just as it was symbolized, just so it should have been, notwithstanding the two objects chosen for the purpose were so very dissimilar. Q. What application, however, should this symbol find in the case of the Babylonians after its wings were plucked, and after it was made so nearly human as to stand erect as a man, having also a man's heart given to it?

"And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from the other. The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings : I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it." — 'Dan. 7:3-4.

Ai Letting the lion with its wings plucked off mean Babylonia proper after it had been reduced from an absolute monarchy to a mere depend- ency; and letting the lion with its wings plucked off, and the fact of its having been lifted up from the earth, mean Babylonia as a government, after it had been completely debarred from hav- ing any voice in, or control of, any of its own statutory affairs ; and letting the fact that the lion was lifted uj) from the earth, and a man's heart given to it mean that after Babylonia had been reduced from being the chief state in the worhl's eni|)ire to a state of tlic most abject sub-

THE BABYLONIAN LION.

jugation, it became all at once very humanita- rian, just as any t}'rant would do after he is made to exchange his power, exercised in oppres- sion, for the most menial servitude under the power of others, and we should have just about what was true of the Babylonians after the sun of their empire had set forever.

THE MEDO-PERSIAN BEAR. ;^;^

CHAPTER VIII.

THE MEDO-PERSIAN BEAR.

Question. Inasmuch as commentators are generally agreed that the bear mentioned in Dan. 7:5, and the ram mentioned in Dan. 8:^, should each and either of them represent the Medo-Persian empire, should they not be able to show wherein two objects so dissimilar in form and kind, might be so used?

Answer. Supposing the Medo-Persian em- pire as a government to have been like the bear, greatly prone to the conquesting ^of others for the express purpose of devouring their substance for their own subsistence; and letting the fact that the bear ^'raised up itself on one side," mean that the Persians were the dominant race over the Medes in the affairs of their joint gov- ernment; and letting the ram that was seen ^'pushing westward and northward and south- ward, so that no beast might stand before him," mean that the chief policy of the Medes and Persians, from first to last, was to be never at peace with any power known to them that would dare refuse certain reverence for their own name,

34 THE MEDO-PERSIAN BEAR.

or neglect to be at least retreating in their own presence, and we should have what was true of the Medes and Persians, in spite of the little or no similarity in kind and character between the two beasts chosen to symbolize their government.

Q. What are we to understand by the three ribs in the mouth of the bear, and also by the fact of their saying unto it, ^^\rise, devour much fleshi"' That is, thus said the ribs to the bear, of course ?

A. Letting the three ribs mean the three countries then called Babylonia, Assyria and Syria, which Syria at that time included Pales- tine, the lanc^ of the Jews; and letting the fact that the three ribs were in the mouth of the bear, and between its teeth, mean that the said three countries w^ere not only as completely in the power of the Medo-Persian government as could be, but that they were also as completely strip]3ed of their substance as could be, by and for the support of the government, and w^e should have, if not the intent, at least what w^as true of the once heartless Chaldean, the once boastful Assyrian, the once rebellious Israelite, and the government that oppressed them.

(^. But what explanation is possible for the

i

THE MEDO-PERSIAN BEAK.

fact that those being in the very jaws of the op- pressor are yet made to importune him to ^' arise, and devour much flesh? "

A. This much at least, that there is no relief more certain for the sorely oppressed than the fact of their oppressors being extensively at war with their enemies abroad, for the express pur- pose of making them a spoil and a prey. Nor is this circumstance itself wanting in hope for the oppressed, on the very grounds that it may open up the way for their own full deliverance.

36 THE MACEDONIAN HE-GOAT.

CHAPTER IX.

THE MACEDONIAN HE-GOAT.

Question. It being generally conceded, of course, amongst those who pretend to know, that in Dan. 7:6 and Dan. 8:5, 8, the Macedo- nian empire was the power intended, is it possible for two objects so wide of resemblance to have been wisely chosen as the emblems of one and the same power? As to the resemblance between a four-headed, four-winged leopard and a one- horned or a four-horned he-goat, it would be our privilege of course to decide.

Answer. Letting the four heads of the leop- ard mean those four joint monarchies into which the Macedonian empire was divided after its es- tablishment; and letting its four wings mean that the said four monarchies, each and either of them, were of the absolute form, notwithstand- ing they belonged to one and the same great sys- tem; and letting the fact appear that as one great system they were not unlike the leopard, on the very account that they were ever on the hunt for the prey, if through no other cause than a thirst for blood and the sheer pleasure of

THE MACEDONIAN HE-GOAT. 37

seeing others writhe under the lacerations of their own power, and we should ascribe just such traits to the system as such, as its history will portray.

Q. But an he-goat being a beast not of posi- tiv^el}' ignoble traits, would we not, in giving it a likeness in the Macedonian system, ha\'e to as- cribe to that system traits that were commend- able more than otherwise?

A. In Dan. 8:5, letting the appearance and movements of the he-goat represent not only the marvelous speed with which Alexander the Great passed his armies from his native country over to the Granicus, but also a trait that was to fol- low the Macedonian system throughout, namely, the trait of seeking for victory in warlike ex- ploits, not so much by the force of numbers as by the speed of the march and the sudden as- sault, and letting the he-goat, with its notable horn between its eyes, mean the Macedonian empire during the personal reign of its founder, Alexander the Great; and in Dan. S:8, letting its four notable horns, which came up instead of its single one, mean that after the death of Alex- ander the Great his empire was passed under the reign of four different and cotemporaneous

7,8 THE MACEDONIAN HE-GOAT.

kings, from whom sprang so many lines of kings which held cotemporaneous power over the sys- tem considered as one, and we should only as- cribe that which was true of the system from first to last, letting that ascription be commend- able or otherwise.

But why criticise the eternal word, except we can propose some better wa}', or a way in this particular case more excellent than that which was shown to the holy Daniel by that power which searches all things, and which can discern the end from the beginning?

n

THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST. 39

CHAPTER X.

THE ROMISH DREADFUL HEAST.

Question. Notwithstanding the general be- lief amongst Bible men that the beast described in Dan. 7:7 should represent the Roman em- pire, is the comparison a just one? Rather, was not that empire as a government, according to historians generally, unequaled in that sort of greatness that is worthy to be admired and imi- tated?

Answer. While it was true that the Ro- manised people of that empire, generally, were very lustful of that which they considered high- toned and pre-eminent, and took great pride in chivalric and military matters, it is not true on that account that they were a great people, or qualified thereby to run a commendably great government, but cpiite to the reverse. For just as certainly as their lust for greatness in that which they called great would lead them amongst themselves to seek for high positions, if need be through the use of foul means, just so would their pride in their military affairs, and in the fame of victories won, lead them even to wel-

40 THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST,

come the pretext to subjugate others, if only to perpetuate the veriest dread for the Roman soldier and the Roman name.

And not only this, but as the very pride whicli the Roman soldier took in his profession, and as the very pride which the people in general took in the war history of their country, would necessarily prepare them at first for the behold- ing of barbarous deeds, so would the same pride lead them at last to even seek entertainment in scenes of blood and carnage. Were thev not the people whose thousands so often met in their great Coliseum, expressly to be entertained with scenes of deadly conflict between man and man, and between man and ferocious beasts? Were they not the people whose capital punishment was the crucifixion^ Were they not the people who tortured Christians with all barbarous in- ventions? If they were, why should not thev and their government be compared to a beaJt "dreadful and terrible-' and so unnatural as to be armed with nails and teeth made of iron and brass?

"Then T would know the tnuh of the fourth benst wh.ch was <liverse from all the others, exceeding drea.l- ful. whose teeth were of iron and his nails of brass, which

I

THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST. 4I

r

devoured, brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet." Dan. 7:19.

Q. But what propriety was there in declar- ing it to be diverse from all the beasts that were before it, when, in the very event that it was used to designate a fourth power, would require that it should be diverse from them? Should inspiration be expected to indulge in tautolog}?

A. But if one thing would be diverse from another, although it should differ from it in no more than one particular, it would certainly be diverse from it should it be unlike it in every particular. Or, substantially, if the one dread- ful and terrible beast had no resemblance what- ever to a lion, to a bear, or to a leopard, nor yet to that particular lion, bear, or leopard that was before it, then was it diverse from them in the sense of being unlike them altogether.

And this no doubt was the intent, wholely so, in its application to imperial Rome, which was evidently, as a government, so completely di- verse from the Babylonian, the Medo- Persian and the Macedonian empires as governments as to resemble neither of them in an\' one parti(Mi- lar fully.

While in its effect, im])erial Rome as a gov-

42 THE ROMISH nREADFUI, HEAST.

ernment was very monarchical, it was yet re- publican in form: and while it was certainly regal in Us powers, it was not coronate in prac- tice; and while its laws seemed to insure great privileges and protection to its citizen, it could nevertheless outlaw him without law if it chose, just as the veriest despotism might do.

Q. But is it history that out of the Roman em- pire sprang so many as ten separate kingdoms all at once, as Daniel's so-called interpreter in Dan. 7:24 seems to allege?

A. But how else could his interpreter have ex- pressed himself, although it was really to be al- most two centuries from the time the western Roman empire began to be broken up until it was wholly lost in a certain stage of its own dis- memberment?

Q. But would not this plan make out, so far as the symbol of all was concerned, that no sooner had its head of horns been fully prepared, than the chief part of its real self had ceased to ex- ist? Or, for the Roman power to have existed on and on, was it only necessary to call it the Roman empire?

A. But commencing with the reign of Con- stantine the Great, was not Byzantium the seat

I

THE ROMISH DREADFUL HEAST. 43

of government for the Roman empire? And do not historians account that it was still the Ro- man empire with Byzantium for its capitol and not the city of Rome? Indeed, do they not sub- stantially record that it must have been still the Roman empire all the way from 330 A. D., the time at which Byzantium became its capitol, to 395, the time of its division into the so-called eastern and western Roman empires, with Arca- dius reigning over the east and Honorius over the west? And moreover, do they not definitely speak of those divisions under the name and style of the eastern and western Roman em- pires, if no further down than 476, the time at which its western division became lost in a cer- tain stage of its own dismemberment, or divis- ion into separate governments?

But if the Roman empire, after having been called such for more than three and a half cen- turies, could change its seat of empire from the so-called eternal city to that of Byzantium, (Constantinople), and still be the Roman em- pire; that is, if this Byzantium empire was still the Roman empire up to the very extinction of the so-called western Roman empire, why might it not have been such further on, or as far down 4

44 THE ROMISH DREADFUL HEASt.

as T204, at which time, according to current his- tory, it became or was made through the Cru- sades, what was called the Latin empire? In other words, if it was the Roman empire at one time why not at another, having Byzantium and not the city of Rome for its capitol? Nor would the trouble end here, for could it have been the Roman empire at one time, yet being called something else, w^hy could it not have been such throughout the half century and more that it w^as called the Latin empire? And verily, if we were to have it the Roman empire on down to the time that the Turks made it their empire, and Constantinople the capitol thereof in 1453, and from thence again on down to the present time, w^hat would the plan be but the carrying out of that sort of analogy that historians them- selves have perpetrated?

Q. What is the idea therefore? Are w^e to adopt the plan as being analogically correct, no matter how historically absurd it may be ?

A. While it may not be true in name that the Roman empire continued to be such after its western division had been resolved into so many separate governments, it is not true in Daniel's sense that it has yet ceased to exist as an aggre-

I'HE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST. 45

gate power in some form or other, and under a phase of some sort that is still Romish.

Indeed, finding as we do, that those several chief powers that now stand where once stood the old Romish imperial system as a whole, do yet, more or less, wear the old Roman phase, and that the one in particular answering to that particular horn of the symbol ^Miaving eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things," does so expressly still wear the ^'look more stout than his fellow^s, " we ought to be at no loss to detect the fact that, in the meaning of Daniel's interpreter, the Roman power in some form or other was to be extended on and on, even after it had ceased to be such in name. Or, if we may so put the matter, if those several chief powers into which the old Romish imperial system as a whole was converted, no matter what the name of each has been, and no matter what their governmental or political changes have been, do still have a plainly Romish resem- blance, we ought to be at no loss to apprehend that Daniel's fourth beast, in its general applica- tion, should at least reach to our time, if not further on, or until, as in Dan. 7:26, its domin- ion is to be taken away, and from that time to be consumed more and more to the end.

46 THE RO^ilSH DREADFUL BEASt.

Q. But. looking over those countries where once stood the Roman empire in its greatness, what power is there now found answering to the said horn, which had eyes like the eyes of man. and a mouth that spake great things? Dan. 7:8.

A. Putting it down that not later than 666 A. D.. tlie old Romish imperial system as a whole had been resolved into as many as ten chief sej)- arate governments, and putting it down also that not later than that date certain humanly devised theocratic systems had been fully inaugurated in the midst of or amongst the said chief govern- ments; and putting it down withal that while the eyes of the said horn, which were like the eyes of man. should represent the said humanly devised theocratic systems, the horn itself entire should represent them not only under their kingly phase, but also under their apocalyptically unific sense, we should only suggest what was and is substan- tially true, notwithstanding we could so earnestly wish to shun the view and avoid the plan.

Q. What are we to understand by the fact that the eyes of the said horn were like the eyes of man? and also by the fact that its mouth, as in Dan. 7:25, was to ^^ speak great words against the Most Hisfh?''

THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST. 47

A. Letting the fact that its eyes were like the eyes of man mean that those theocratic systems represented thereby were not only humanl}' de- vised, but were also to be under the direction of human intelligence and cunning, instead of divine wisdom, equity and justice; and letting the fact that its mouth was to speak great words against the Most High mean that the ministers of the said systems were to be gifted especially in the art of public declamation; and putting it down withal that in the exercise of that gift they were to put forth their great words against the Most High, their great words against Him to consist in their misrepresentations of Him, His words and His ways, and we shoiild have, as far as it goes, what has ever been true of those s}'stems, and many of their ministers, in spite of our earnest desires to ha\'e the affair, all told, to mean somebody or something else.

But let us see. As to the putting forth of great words against the Most High, who could be referred to more certainly than certain theo- cratic declaiming officials, who, for the very cause of their being destitute of the power of godli- ness, wouhl endeavor to cause all their words to sound very great, and to ai)pear \'ery great, from

48 THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST.

the simple fact of their being dropped from their own lips?

But would the evil end here? If thev would dare indulge in the greatness of words for effect, would they not dare, as a matter of course, through their great words, to impress themselves upon the unsuspecting as being possessed of pre- rogatives and authorities divine? And if so, what would they be in comparison of the symbol more or less than an aggregate mouth, speaking great things against the Most High ? For really, how can the words of him who seeks his own glory and honor be for his God or for His praise ?

Q. ^Vhat are we to understand by a stout look? Or rather how could any system, or set of systems of whatever sort, be said to have a look more stout than certain others?

A. In comparing church officials, generally, of a certain rank, with state officials generally, of an equal rank, which set would be found wearing a look more stout than the rest? But as church officials are supposed to be commis- sioned under the higher law. therefore, just as might be expected, would they wear a look more commandant of attention than would those whose commissions are only derived from a temporal

THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST. 49

law, and that for only a limited term, or a term commensurate with good behavior.

And of course, therefore, if the ministers of the aforesaid theocratic systems could be ac- counted as their aggregate mouthpiece, just so could their nature and spirit be accounted as the nature and spirit of their systems; and so much so indeed, that whatever look would char- acterize them as officials would, under this al- legory, characterize their systems, so far at least as systematic manifestations are concerned.

Indeed, to show that a theocratic system, as such, might have a look of its own, and a stout one, we have only to contemplate the fact that even its structures of service, with the fixtures and furniture thereof, would be made so impos- ing as to forbid through great but silent words that any should dare (piestion its authority, its doctrines and measures.

Q. But if Dan. 7:25, should mean the said humanly devised systems, would it not be con- tradictory to say the least, that they were to speak against the Most High, to wear out His saints and to change His laws? AV'ould they not rather, being theocratic, have to honor Him, to foster His saints and to uphold His laws?

50 THE ROMISH DREADFUL BEAST.

A. But seeing that a theocratic people them- selves might so far depart from the true idea of God as that many, if not most, of the great words that they would presume to say for Him would be really against Him; and seeing that they might so far depart from the true idea of the saint as to regard him as the worst enemy of the religion which they profess; and seeing it would be possible for their officials, after being so far deceived, to think themselves fully compe- tent to say where and when such and such times and seasons should fall, and how they should be observed; and seeing that, after they had gone thus far, it would be possible for them to be- think themselves well qualified to alter and amend laws divine; and seeing what we do see in look- ing backward through those countries that have and do now stand where once stood the old Romish imperial system as a whole, does it not look suspicious, to say no more, that the notori- ous horn of Daniel" s fourth beast was designed to represent no less than those theocratic sys- tems that have all the while been so intimately and strangely interwoven throughout those chief powers, occupant where once stood notorious Rome, dreadful Rome, in its greatness?

THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN. 51

CHAPTER XI.

THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

Question. Amongst other peculiarities of the rough goat of Dan. 8:9-12, why should its little horn with its surprising outcome be passed by as being unimportant ? And yet what confidence is to be had in the affair, after all, when Bible men themselves differ so widely in regard to it, some claiming that by it Antiochus Epiphanes with his Assyrian forces was meant: others that Titus Caesar with his Roman legions was meant; and others again, that probably Mahomet with his Saracens was meant ?

Answer. But if the matter is to be rejected as being neither sensible nor worthy because men differ in regard to it, how much of all that is historic amongst men would be worthy of all confidence?

As to the fact that the great horn between the eyes of the rough goat meant Alexander the Great and his empire during his personal reign, Bible men do not differ. As to the fact also that the four horns of the rougli goat meant those four monarchies, and a line of kini^s for eacli,

52 THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

into which Alexander's empire was divided after his day, Bible men are agreed. As to the fact again, that one Cassander was the first of a line of kings that reigned over Macedon, then one of the chief states of the Macedonian system; and that one Lysimachus was the first of a line of kings that reigned over Thrace, then one of the chief states of that system; and that one Seleucus was the first of a line of kings that reigned over Syria, then one of the chief states of the said system; and that one Ptolemy was the first of a line of kings that reigned over Egypt, then only one of the chief states of that system, Bible men can hardly disagree. And moreover, that the little horn of the rough goat was designed to rep- resent the king of the fierce countenance pre- sented in Dan. 8:23, Bible men of course will not question. But it being- a question of two or more sides, as to which one of the four horns of the rough goat its little horn sprang, it would be rather a surprise that Bible men should not differ in regard to it, seeing that they, like other men, may contract erroneous views in regard to many things.

But supposing its four horns were called (i) its Cassandrian horn, (2) its Lysimachian horn.

THE ROMISH CRKSCTVE HORN. 53

(3) its Seleucidean horn, and (4) its Ptolemian horn; and if, as before held, its four horns sliould mean those four monarchies, and line of kings for each into which the Macedonian system as a whole was divided; and if Seleucus was the first of a line of kings that reigned over Syria; and if Syria was the same monarchy when Antiochus Epiphanes reigned over it that it was when Seleucus reigned over it, then was the said Antiochus not the little horn of the rough goat at all, but only a part of one of its four notable ones, to wit, its Seleucidean horn. And inasmuch, moreover, as the word king in Bible terminology more than frequently means the whole line of kings that may have reigned from first to last over this or that kingdom, and inasmuch as the little horn of the rough goat, from its very description, was designed to in- clude a whole line of rulers that were to be gen- erally characterized by the fierce countenance and the understanding of dark sentences, there- fore was the said Antiochus not that horn, he having been an individual king only.

And again if, according to Dan. 8:23, the king of the fierce countenance was not to stand u\) until the transgressors had come to the full;

54 '^HE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

that is, until the Jews had come to a fiiUness in their rebellions, Titus Caesar likewise was not that horn, the Jews having come to a fullness in their transgressions years before his promotion. Nor was Mahomet that horn, for the reason that his career began not for several centuries after the transgressors had come to the full.

But if, according to Dan. S:2i,, the trans- gressors were to come to the full in tlie latter time of the ^Macedonian system as a whole, we should therefore have to look to a period of time past the half-way point between the establish- ment of that system, say in 331 B. C, and the, establishment of the Roman imperial system, I say in 31 B. C, as the time at which the trans- j gressors came to the full, and therefore the time ' at which the king of the fierce countenance was j to stand up; in other words, the time at which ^ a line of rulers was to set in, whose members were to be characterized by the fierce counte- nance, and the understanding of dark sentences, and who were, as in Dan. 8:24, to destroy won- derfully, but not by their own power.

And as it turns out that the year 63 B. C, was about the time that the Jews and their coun- try were given into the hands of, and were made

THE ROMISH CRESClVE HORN. 55

tributary to the Romans, and also about the time that Julius Caesar became the chief member of Rome's great triumvirate, and from which he arose to be its first emperor in effect if not in name, therefore was that about the time that the transgressors came to the full, meaning the Jews, and about the time that the king of the fierce countenance stood up, meaning Rome's imperial line with Julius C?esar for its com- mencement or first member.

At all events, if Rome's emperors were gener- ally not characterized by the fierce countenance, and the understanding of dark sentences, (sen- tences which express much and explain but lit- tle,) then what line of rulers in all past history was thus characterized? And finally, who more than Rome's emperors ever destroyed so won- derfully, and that by a power not their own? In the great past, if other kings and potentates destroyed wonderfully, that was done through tlieir own power and not through the power of tlie state, as was the case with the members of Rome's imperial line.

l^>ut after the Jews had been passed under their yoke, because of their rebellions against their God, from time to time were they raided

56 THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

and spoiled by them, until at last by them their great city was sacked, their famous temple de- stroyed, and themselves compelled, at last, alto- gether to abandon their country, and that for centuries to come.

As it is had in Deut. 28:49-64, '^The Lord shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not under- stand; a nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor show favor to the young; and he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle and the fruit of thy land, until thou be destroyed; which also shall not leave thee either corn, wine, or oil, or the increase of thy kine, or flocks of thy sheep, until he have de- stroyed thee. And he'shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst throughout all thy land, and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the Lord thy God hath given thee. And thou shalt eat tlie fruit of thine own body, the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters, which the Lord thy God hath given thee, in the siege, in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee; so

THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN. 57

that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil towards his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave; so that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat; because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straightness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates. The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter, and toward her young one that com- eth out from between her feet, and toward her children which she shall bear; for she shall eat them for the want of all things secretly in the siege and straightness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in thy gates. If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book, that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name, the Lord thy God; then the Lord will make thy plagues won- derful, and the plagues of thy seed, even great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sick-

5§ THt: ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

ness, and of long continuance. Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou Avast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee. Also every sickness, and every plague which is not written in the book of this law, them will the Lord bring upon thee, until thou be destroyed. And ye shall be left few in num- ber, whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude; because thou wouldst not obey the voice of the Lord thy God. And it shall come to pass, that as the Lord rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply you; so shall the Lord rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to naught; and ye shall be plucked from oif the land whither thou goest to possess it. And the Lord shall scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone."'

Q. But is it not im])ortant, if knowable, to know from which one of the four horns of this symbol its little horn sprang? In other words, from which one of the sub-divisions of the Macedonian system was the Roman power de- rived, provided it was in fact derived from either of them?

THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN. 59

A. Let I. Mace. 1 11-9 answer inferentially at least: ^^And it happened after that Alexander, son of Phillip, the Macedonian, who came out of the land Chettiim, had smitten Darius, king of the Persians and Medes, that he reigned in his stead, the first over Greece, and made many wars, and won many strongholds, and slew the kings of the earth, and went through to the ends of the earth, and took spoils of many nations, inso- much that the earth was quiet before him; w^here- upon he was exalted, and his heart was lifted up. And he gathered a mighty, strong host, and ruled over countries, and nations, and kings, who be- came tributaries unto him. And after these things he fell sick and perceived that he should die. Wherefore he called his servants, such as were honorable, and had been brought up with him from his youth, and parted his kingdom among them, while he was yet alive. So Alex- ander reigned twelve years, and then died. And his servants bare rule, every one in his place. And after his death they all put crowns upon themselves; so did their sons after them many years: and evils were multiplied in the earth."

But if the earth was then quiet before him, and if the kings of the earth were tributary to

6o THE ROMISH CRESLTVE HORN.

him, where was Italy and the Romans, that they should not have been a part of his conquest, seeing that they had already existed as a power for more than four centuries down to the time of his death? But if they were a part of his great empire at that time, were they not of course a part of one of those four joint monarchies into which his empire was resolved after his demise?

That the Romans were not a part of Ptolemy's dominions seems evident from the fact of the separation of Italy from Egypt by the Mediterr ranean Sea. That they were not a part of the dominions of Seleucus is more than probable in view of the distance from Italy to Syria by land or by sea. That they belonged not to the do- minions of Lysimachus is very certain from the fact that Macedon. the chief state of Cassan- der's dominions, laid directly between Italy and Thrace. But that they belonged to the domin- ions of Cassander if ever to another power, we are even required to believe from the relative positions and nearness of Italy and Macedon one to the other, no matter whether those historians who would have the Romans honorable forever are willing to so record it or not.

And therefore to sav that the little horn of

I

THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN. 6l

Paniel's rough goat came forth from its Cas- sandrian horn; in other words, that the Roman power came forth from the Cassandrian mon- archy, in the sense of having freed itself there- from, is to say that which is simple and tangible, and scripturally true, no matter what the state- ments may be of those who most persistently glory in Rome, presumptuous Rome.

Q. But did not the Roman power wax great toward the west, as well as toward the south and the east, notwithstanding the implication in Dan. 8:9, that the said little horn was to wax great toward the south and the east only?

A. But as we should notice particularly, not ^^great" simply, but ^'exceeding great," is the language of the text. But if the Roman power was indeed meant, does it follow that because it was to wax exceeding great toward the south, and the east, and the pleasant land, that there- fore its power was not to be extended toward the west at all? Is it not a fact, rather, that while the Roman power was extended far to the west, its greatness only waxed intense towards the south, the east and the pleasant land, the land of the Jews?

62 THE ROxMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

Q. But whereas, in Dan. 8:io, ii, this re- markable horn was to wax so great as to vie with the hosts of heaven, and to cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and was finally to so magnify itself as to presume to cope with the prince of the host of heaven, can't we see that such magnificence at once explodes the idea of an earthly power being meant at all?

A. But the facts in the case being that the Roman power did not only w^ax so great toward the south, the east, and the pleasant land, as to end in the blotting out of the kingdom of the Jews, but that it did thereafter, under the ad- ministration of Constantine the Great and others after him, when it had exchanged its Polytheism for Christianity, so magnify its authority in the affairs of the church as to make it next to im- possible for any church official to be such, or to continue as such, without the indorsement of the state; and that, even in the. person of the emperor, it so magnified itself as to constitute him, in effect if not in name, the head of the church — that is, the prince of the host; there- fore was the Roman power meant, the power of magnifical, dreadful Rome.

THE ROMISH CRESCTVE HORN. 63

Q. But whereas, in Dan. 8:ii, it was to' 'mag- nify itself even to the prince of the host," and in Dan. 8:25 was to ''stand up against the Prince of Princes," is it not a fact that the vision itself is out of joint'with its interpretation? Or rather, if it was to magnify itself unto the prince of the host, and was yet to stand up against the Prince of Princes, w^hat sense is there in the aifair, all told ?

A. But the sum of the matter being that if the Roman power was the power whose king, in its aggregate or lineal sense, was to be charac- terized by the fierce countenance and the under- standing of dark sentences, as was the case with Romish rulers as far down at least as where the Romish system as such was merged into its plu- monarchic or present form; and if the Roman power was the power that was to destroy so •'wonderfully," as it did especially in the case of the Jews and their famous city and temple; and if the Roman power was the power that was to "destroy the mighty and the holy people," and whom it destroyed so greatly all the way no doubt from the days of Christ to the full acces- sion of Constantine the Great; and after all this, if the Roman power was the power that was to

64 THE ROMISH CRESCIVE HORN.

cause craft to prosper in its hand — in other words, the power that was to make the church a thing of the state, and therefore the power that was to cause theocratic priestcraft to pros- per in its hand, and which thing it has ever done from its entrance upon its plumonarchic state to the present time; and if the Roman power is the power that is yet to stand up against the Prince of Princes — in other words, the power whose armies are yet to meet Christ and His army, lit- erally and personally, but whose armies Christ will not engage, except to destroy them by the power of His Word — then was that the power that was not only to magnify itself unto the prince of the host, but also the power that was, or is, to stand up against the Prince of Princes and to be broken without hand.

"And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce counte- nance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up. And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power; and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy peo- ple. And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many; he shall also stand up against the Prince of Princes; but he shall be broken without hand." Dan. 8:23-25.

II

II

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 65

CHAPTER XII.

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

Question. As to the seven heads of the beast mentioned in Rev. 13:1, is it not true that while Bible men are not agreed amongst themselves as to what they might mean, each one is scarcely satisfied with his own opinions in regard to their import?

Answer. In regard to the fact that the four heads of the Prophet DanieFs four-headed leop- ard should mean those* four chief governments into which the Macedonian system was divided after the days of its founder, Bible men will not question. But as to the position that the seven heads of the Apostle John's seven-headed leopard should mean that the old Romish im- perial system as a whole was divided into that many chief separate governments against a cer- tain time, and that it was to continue to be divided on an average into that many chief sepa- rate governments on down to its final close out, some Bible men may object; which, however, they should not do, unless they can propose some plan that is more systematic, and more in

66 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

harmony with the conditions of the symbol all told.

But can it be fairly questioned in the light of history, that, at no time this side of 666 A. D., has that particular part of the earth's surface, where once stood the old Romish imperial sys- tem in its greatness, been wanting, for about seven chief separate governments, although they may have changed their respective boundaries from time to time in regard to each other, and although the names of all of them may not have remained throughout, just what they are to-day?

Q. But how would it sound to speak of the name of blasphemy as being inscribed upon those several great governments, that have now been standing for centuries where once stood the Roman empire as a whole?

"And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy."

A. But whereas, the estabhshed religion of each of those governments have ever been, as far back at least as 666, of the theocratic sort; and whereas, the name of the established relig-

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 67

ion of any government is the religious name of that government; and whereas, the name of a humanly devised theocratic system of religion is the name of blasphemy, on the very ground of its being honored by its adherents as of di- vine authority; whereas, is it not, therefore, is it agreed that the religious name of those several chief governments into which the old Romish imperial system was resolved was the name of blasphemy.

In John 10:33-36, the Jews are made to say that Christ blasphemed when he said he was the Son of God; that is, he having been in their estimation no more than a man, it was blas- phemy to them for him to claim to be divine. In I. Tim. 1:13, Paul is made to say that, be- fore his conversion, he himself had blasphemed the name of Christ; and in Acts 26:11, sub- stantially, that before that time he had even compelled the saints by means of tortures to do so. Thus showing, that while it would be blas- phemy to berate that which is divine, as though it were something undivine, it would also be blasphemy to honor that which is undivine as though it were something divine. Or in plainer terms, if it would be blasphemy to honor a hu-

68 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

manly devised theocratic system as though it was of divine authority, it would be blasphemy also to denounce the one true and holy religion as being no more than a humanly divine affair. Or still further, if it would be blasphemy to re- fer the manifestations of the Holy Ghost to a bad or to a Satanic source, so also would it be blasphemy to refer the manifestations of Satanic power to a divine source.

Q. But what has all this to do with ^'the name of blasphemy?" Or, are we to under- stand, therefore, that ^'the name of blasphemy" is a blasphemous name?

A. While the name Jesus Christ was a sacred name in itself, it was, nevertheless, as applied to Jesus of Nazareth, the name of blasphemy to those Jews who did not believe him to be the Christ, nor anything better than the veriest im- postor. And while, therefore, the name of any theocratic system that we can think of is not in itself a blasphemous name, yet the name of any humanly devised theocratic religion that we can think of is the name of blasphemy to all those holy beings who know it to be humanly devised, and therefore of no higher authority than the presumptuous teachings of uninspired men.

\

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 69

And therefore, to say that the seven heads of the Apostle John's seven-headed leopard, with the name of blasphemy inscribed upon each, should mean those seven chief governments, with the established religion of each, that have now stood for more than twelve centuries where once stood the old Romish imperial system as a whole, is to say that the established religions of those governments, no matter by what name or names they may have been called, have never had a higher authenticity than the teachings of unin- spired men.

Rev. 13:1, I. T. , says: ^^And I saw another sign in the likeness of the kingdoms of the earth; a beast rise up out of the sea, and he stood upon the sand of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns; and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy."

But in what sense was it to stand upon the sand of the sea, except in this, that those sev- eral governments represented by its heads were all to have a frontage on the Mediterranean Sea, and on a certain extent of the Atlantic coast, and all just as the bounds of the old Romish imperial system as a whole would prescribe?

70 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

Q. But under such premises, and according to former conclusions, is it not too manifest that the seven heads and the ten horns of the pro- posed symbol should mean about one and the same thing, namely, that set of kingdoms that arose upon the ruins of the Roman empire as a whole? Is it understood, therefore, that a set of heads, or a set of horns either one, may be used to represent a set of kingdoms, and that just as the fancy of the symbol maker may hap- pen to elect?

A. Letting its heads mean the several chief governments into which the old Romish impe- rial system as a whole was resolved, say against the year 666, and letting its ten horns with so many crowns thereon, mean that from time to time, counting from the said date on down to the present time, that there has been found an average of ten crowned rulers reigning over the said chief governments, and where is the lack of wisdom in the arrangement?

Q. But this being notably the first case in which we have been presented with a single, or with a set of horns with crowns thereon, is not the fact too patent that the Apostle John has either treated the book of Daniel as being de-

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 7 1

fective in its manner, or else was ignorant of its manner, seeing that all symbol horns presented therein are uncrowned, and therefore unhonored?

A. But the gist of the matter being that if the spirit of inspiration, through the Prophet Daniel, had the right by means of certain horns without crowns to symbolize certain governments, including a line of kings for each throughout, had that same spirit the right through the Apos- tle John, by means of ten horns with so, many crowns thereon, to symbolize so many individual kings, or an average of that many, that were to be found reigning from time to time over or in the midst of that great family of governments that came of the old Romish imperial system as a whole?

Q. What are we to understand by Rev. 13:3? '^And I saw one of his heads, as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed; and all the world wondered after the beast."

A. That no sooner had it made its appear- ance above the sea than one of its heads ap- peared to be, ^^as it were, wounded to death," which head most probably meant Italy, seeing that against the year 666 the Lombards, by the power of the sword, had so fastened their king-

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

dom upon the country that, as Italy, it not only seemed to be lost to its native sons, but so irre- trievably so as to bid fair to end in the loss of their identity as a race amongst men.

But whereas, Charlemagne in 774 overthrew the kingdom of the Lombards, it was then that Italy's death-like wound was healed, and the time also that -^all the world wondered after the beast," or after that great empire, as the world called it, which Charlemagne seemed to establish, but which was only a more permanent establish- ment of that great family of governments in- tended by the seven heads of the proposed symbol.

Q. What are we to understand by Rev. 13:5 to the effect that a mouth was given to it, speak- ing thus and so, and seeming to be one different from, and in addition to, the one resembling that of the lion, which, as in Rev. 13:2, it already possessed?

A. If the chief officials of any government may be called the aggregate mouth of that gov- ernment, and if the chief ministers of any theo- cratic system may be called the aggregate mouth of that system, therefore, when any government adopts any humanly devised theocratic system as its established religion it therebv, in the sense

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 73

of the text, receives an additional mouth, and one which, according to the experience of cen- turies past, is always addicted to the speaking of great things and blasphemies, the great things having reference to those things which men call great, and their blasphemies having reference to this habit which most of the chief ministers of all humanly devised theocratic systems have ever had, of honoring things which are undivine as though they were divine, and of berating things which are divine as though they were undivine.

Q. But is not the position a high-handed one, to say the least, that those several great governments that now stand within the bounds of what was once the domain of imperial Rome should be accounted as the summation of a mon- ster altogether so dreadful, barbarous, and hate- ful as would be a leopard with several heads and horns, having the feet of a bear and the mouth of a lion, and a name more than dishonorable?

A. But if the vision was inspired of God, what else can be meant ? At least, before we reject the plan, should we not propose the sub- stitute? But have not these same governments, like the leopard, always been on the hunt for the prey, and, like that beast, always been willing

74 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

to support themselves upon the blood of the helpless ? Have not these same governments, like the bear, generally been guilty of making captives of the weak, and of making themselves fat upon the flesh of others ? Have not these same governments, like the lion, always boasted themselves in the art of war and in the terror- izing of the less powerful, seeming never withal to have had enough of conquest and of power? And are not these the governments, almost alone, that have now for more than twelve centuries been the supporters by law of their theocratic religions, which in their entirety have not now, and never did have, a higher authority than the presumptuous teachings of uninspired men, and in some instances of designing aspirants?

Q. Under the stipulations, however, of Rev. 13:8, are the proposed governments, as the coun- terpart of those stipulations, sufficiently great in extent to insure in any sense that all who dwell upon the earth have ever, or will ever worship their power, except those whose names are written in the Book of Life?

A. But is it even necessary that they should comprise all the earth in order that all except the faithful should worship them? But in view

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 75

^Fof the vast possessions which they are gaining P throughout other portions of the earth, and in view of the mighty influence and power which they are gaining over ail '^kindreds, tongues and nations," and in view of the fact also that it is not difficult to induce those who fear men and persecution more than they fear God, to wor- ship, that is to honor and reverence, that which they verily despise; therefore, is it a prophecy, at least of cause and effect, that the time may not be far distant when all except the sanctified that dwell upon the earth, either willingly or un- willingly, either directly or indirectly, shall wor- ship them, or that seven-headed beastly family of governments that now occupy what was once the domain of beastly imperial Rome as a whole. Q. According to Rev. 13:18, what is the number of a man? or rather, what sort of a number is that which is not the number of a man?

A. While a number that is not the number of a man in regard to time would be a number or reckoning ordained of God, a number that is the number of a man in that regard would be a number or reckoning adopted and brought into use by some man. In other words, while the

76 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

expression, ''The number of the beast" should mean the number of the year in which it began its run of forty-two year-months, or twelve hun- dred and sixty years, the expression, ''His num- ber is the number of a man,'" should mean that 666 A. D., the number of the year in which it began its run of the said number of years, was the number of a man, from the fact of its be- ing derived from the plan of some man whereby the custom was introduced of numbering the years forward from the birth of Christ.

"Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding cuunt the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man; and his number is six hundred three score and six."

That is, while the number of the beast was its date in the sense of having been the time of its. birth, or fullest inauguration, its date was the date of a man in the sense of its having been derived from the plan, which some man intro- duced, of reckoning time or of numbering the years forward from the birth of Christ.

But what are the facts in the case? When, rather, was that seven-headed, ten-horned, ten- crowned system of governments that now stands where once stood the old Romish imperial sys- tem as a whole fully inaugurated ? Was it before or after 666 A. D.:^

THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST. 7 7

But as for those who are willing still to hunt for some man, the numerals of whose name shall spell out just six hundred three score and six, will they please tell us, after they have found their man, why that should be called the number of the man? But if they say that is not it, the number expressed by his name not being the number of the man, but only the number of his name, then we ask. What has that to do with the number of the name of the beast? In other words, the number of the beast having been six hundred and sixty-six, what has that to do with the number of its name, which was only seven? At all events, as the number of its heads was only seven, and as its heads were a representa- tion of so many chief political powers, and as each of those powers had a name peculiar to itself, and therefore, as the number of their names altogether was only seven, therefore was the number of the political name of the beast only seven, and which, of course, comes far short of its annular number, which was 666.

Q. But is it not common for Bible expound- ers to make Rev. 13:1, mean pagan Rome as they call it, alleging that it was a seven-headed system in the sense that it must liave passed

78 THE ROMISH NUMERIC BEAST.

through as many as seven different forms of gov- ernment as pagan Rome? But if Bible expound- ers can thus make just about what they choose to make out of Bible symbols, is it a wonder that the world has already become so indiffer- ent to such things?

A. But if Bible symbols are to be discarded as unworthy of attention, because men happen to differ in regard to their irhport, how much of all that is written amongst men is worthy of man's serious consideration?

But what is the real question? Plainly was this seven-headed leopard merely the emblem of so many different forms of government through which pagan Rome passed, or was it the emblem of so many contemporaneous governments into which the old Romish imperial system as a whole was finally resolved? If, according to Rev. 13:1, I. T. , the said seven-headed leopard was a '^sign in the likeness of the kingdoms of the earth," what kingdoms were meant? Were those different forms of government through which it is claimed pagan Rome underwent, the kingdoms of the earth? Rather, were not those individual contemporaneous governments that came of the old Romish imperial system as a

THE ROMISH NUxMERIC BEAST. 79

whole, not only the kingdoms of the earth for that time, but also the kingdoms of the earth in the sense that, as a system, all that dwell upon the earth, except the good and the true, are yet to worship them, either directly, indirectly, will- ingly or unwillingly?

But inasmuch as pagan Rome ended of course where Christian Rome began, which was not later than ;^2^ A. D. ; and inasmuch as the system in- tended by this symbol was to have a continuance of twelve hundred and sixty years; and inas- much as that many years back of 323 A. D. would extend back of 753 B. C, the time of the commencement of pagan Rome, by as many as one hundred and eighty-four years; and which would mean of course, that for it to have had a continuance of twelve hundred and sixty years from its commencement, it must have overlapped Christian Rome also by one hundred and eighty- four years, therefore was pagan Rome not the Rome intended by the leopard of Patmos.

As for those, therefore, who must have it that this seven-headed symbol meant pagan Rome, will they explain, if they can, in what sense its number was six hundred and sixty-six, if such was the fact ; or in what sense it had a continu-

8o IHK RO.MISH XL'.MERIC BEAST.

ance of twelve hundred and sixty years, pro- vided that was the fact? Or would they have us throw in its number, and its forty-two year- months, as mere matters of fill-up, considering that the whole matter is explained in the single fact that pagan Rome seemed to have changed its form of government about seven times in all ?

Q. But if pagan Rome ended where Christian Rome began, does it not follow that it became theocratic Rome in 323, instead of 666, as has been prescribed ?

A. It has not been so prescribed, except in the sense that certain humanly devised theo- cratic systems were not fully inaugurated in the midst of seven-headed, ten-horned, ten-crowned Rome earlier than 666 A. D., nor will it be questioned, let the matter stand as it may in re- gard to pagan Rome, that if Rome was still Rome in 666, that Rome in that sense and in that form is still here, and very likely will con- tinue to be, until it has finished up a run of at least twelve hundred and sixty years.

I

THE COMING ROMISH BEAST.

CHAPTER XIII.

THE COMING ROMISH BEAST.

Question. What are we to understand by the beast of Rev. 17:3, 7-14?

Answer. We are to understand it to be the beast of Rev. 13:1-8, 17, 18, in the sense that like that beast, it is to have seven heads and ten horns; in the sense that like that beast, its seven heads are to represent those seven chief divisions into which the old Romish imperial system, as a whole, was resolved; in the sense that like that beast, the number of its political name will be seven; and in the sense that, like that beast, its ten horns are to represent an average of ten chief rulers, which Rome is then to have to pre- side over its destinies from time to time. But while scarlet Rome will be leopard Rome in these respects, it will not be leopard Rome in the sense, as indicated by its color, that its several chief divisions will all be dispensed under a set of international or uniform laws that will con- stitute them one vast and one mighty allied power. Nor will scarlet Rome be leopard Rome,

82 THE COMING ROMISH BEAST.

in the sense that its ten chief rulers will be un- crowned, notwithstanding they will somehow ex- ercise the power of kings. Nor will scarlet Rome be leopard Rome, in the sense that being, as it will be, one vast republic of republics, none of its theocratic systems will be established by law, and not more than tacitly tolerated by the State. Nor will scarlet Rome be leopard Rome, in the sense that it will have no religious name, and this from the simple fact that no religion, of the theocratic sort, at least, will be a thing of the State. Nor will scarlet Rome be leopard Rome in the sense that it will be full of names of blas- phemy, instead of having such names inscribed upon its heads merely, whereby it is indicated definitely that none of its theocratic systems will be things of the state, but merely things of the community at large.

So that, in a succinct way, while scarlet Rome will be leopard Rome in some respects, it will not be it in other respects; or, after the manner of the text, being Rome that '^was and is not and yet is," it will therefore be that state upon which apocalyptic Rome, as a whole, is to enter after it has finished up its run of twelve hundred and sixty years as leopard Rome.

THE COMING ROMISH BEAST. 8^

Q. What are we to understand by the ex- pression, ^^He carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness? "'

A. That the Apostle John was transported by the Spirit of God from the Isle of Patmos into a real wilderness, and that that wilderness should represent that political state in which apocalyptic Rome is to find itself, after it has ceased to be leopard Rome, by becoming scarlet Rome. In other words, after Rome shall have lost its thrones, and crowns, its royalty and ^ordism, and all distinctions of blood, thereby becoming, in form at least, one vast republic of republics, (though tyrannical in effect they may be, ) its state will then be a wilderness one, in the sense that it will thus be very completely cast out from its old landmarks, which now consist almost wholly of its royalty, lordism, and highbloodism.

Q. What are we to understand by the sen- tence, ^^The seven heads are seven mountains" ?

A. That those seven chief governmental di- visions that now constitute leopard Rome are, when they become the seven heads of scarlet Rome, to be erected into so many mighty moun- tain states, in the sense that the land, all of it, will be a part of the state itself, and so consoli-

84 THE COMING ROMISH BEAST.

dated and heaped up, legally speaking, as to make it utterly impossible for it to dispose of any of its landed self for any consideration, or under any conditions whatever, and which would mean, of course, that the land, all of it, will be for the people and the whole people, just as the water, the air, and the sunshine are for the people.

Q. What are we to understand by the declara- tion, ^^The ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast" ?

A. That after apocalyptic Rome has contin- ued as scarlet Rome, with its ten uncrowned rulers, for one millenary hour, which is the twenty-fourth part of one thousand years, and therefore just forty-one years and eight months, it will then assume its last form, and to be com- prehended probably under the terms, antitheo- cratic-plumonarchic Rome — antitheocratic in the sense that its laws will recognize no theocratic system of religion, and plumonarchic in the sense that its ten chief rulers will then wear crowns, and reign as potential kings, under one grand alliance, over its seven mountain states, which will nevertheless still be so many powers distinct one from the other.

THE COMING ROMISH BEAST. 85

Q. What are we to understand by the ex- pression, ^' There are seven kings; five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come: and when he cometh, he must continue a short space ?".

A. That apocalyptic Rome was from first to last to pass through as many as seven forms of government, radically different one from the other, and hereby to be called (i) its kingly form, (2) its republican form, (3) its pagan im- perial form, (4) its Christian imperial form, (5) its theocratic plumonarchic form, (6) its anti- theocratic plurepublican form and (7) its pro- posed antitheocratic plumonarchic form; thus making scarlet Rome its sixth form, and there- fore one of its seven forms according to the text, and which would, of course, introduce the idea that the Apostle John, after the manner of the vision, must have been transported in the order of time down to a point of time where leopard Rome is to lose its dominion and where scarlet Rome is to be fully inaugurated; so that, looking backward through the Roman power entire, and as the interpreter would say, ''There are seven kings; five are fallen, and one is and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh,

86 THE COMING ROMJSH BEAST.

he must continue a short space." That is, counting from the rise of the Roman power on down to the time that leopard Rome is to lose its dominion, five forms of apocalyptic Rome will have passed away; so that scarlet Rome be- ing the Rome that will then be, the Rome that will follow scarlet Rome will be the last Rome that will ever be and the one of but short dura- tion.

Q. What are we to understand by the ex- pression, ^^The beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition? "

So-called scarlet Rome being meant, of course, how, therefore, is it to be the eighth and yet of the seventh at one and the same time ?

A. We are to understand that inasmuch as republican Rome itself passed through as many as three forms of government that were radically different one from the other, that apocalyptic Rome, therefore, from beginning to end, may be presented under as many as nine forms of gov- ernment that were radically different one from the other, and hereby to be called (i) its kingly form, (2) its aristocratic republican form, (3) its democratic republican form, (4) its dictatorial

I

THE COMING ROxMISH BEAST. 6j

republican form, (5) its pagan imperial form, (6) its Christian imperial form, (7) its theocratic plumonarchic form, (8) its antitheocratic plure- publican form and (9) its proposed antitheo- cratic plumonarchic form; thus making scarlet Rome substantially the eighth form of apocalyp- tic Rome in one way, notwithstanding it was only the sixth, and, therefore, only of the seven in another way.

At all events, if we may come over the matter in a sort of chronological way, if kingly Rome took its rise in 753 B. C. and ended in 510 B. C, where republican Rome began, and republi- can Rome ended in 31 B. C, where pagan im- perial Rome began, and if pagan imperial Rome ended in 323 A. D., where Christian imperial Rome began, and if Christian imperial Rome ended in 666 A. D., where the theocratic plumo- narchic Rome began, and if theocratic plumo- narchic Rome is to end in 1926 A. D., where antitheocratic plurepublican Rome is to begin, and if antitheocratic plurepublican Rome is to end in 1968 A. D., where antitheocratic plumo- narchic Rome is to begin, and if antitheocratic plumonarchic Rome is to end, say in the short space of thirty-one years from its commence-

S8 THE COMING ROMISH BEAST.

ment, then will apocalyptic Rome exit the earth in 1999 A. D., after a run from first to last of full twenty-seven and a half centuries, and as a power throughout ever worthy to have been symbolized^ as the prophets have done, by some object altogether brutish and deaf to the en- treaties of true justice and mercy.

1

THE GREAT CITY BABYLON.* 89

CHAPTER XIV.

THE GREAT CIT\ BABYLON.

Question. In Rev. 17:5 what are we to un- derstand by the name Mystery Babylon the Great?

Answer. We are to understand it to be the aggregate name for those theocratic systems which not only do now, but which are to consti- tute one and the same great system, during the forty-one years and eight months; that they are to become the unwelcome burden of scarlet Rome, the Rome that will then be ''the beast that was and is not and yet is."

Q. What force, therefore, should the word Mystery have in the premises?

A. All the force that its etymological signifi- cance would justify, the Mystery consisting in the fact that those theocratic systems which com- pose the Babylon meant are indeed only parts of one and the same great system, notwithstanding they are so greatly contradictory one to the other, and so greatly at war one with the other in regard to their respective doctrines, beliefs

90 THE GREAT CITY BABYLON.

and practices. Nor does the mystery end here, it being laudible with them at all times in case of war for their adherents to slay each other in battle and to even rejoice in victories won at the expense of the shed blood of their fellow theo- crats.

At all events, to make out that certain theo- cratic systems are only parts of one and the same vast system, notwithstanding they are so woefully heterodox one to the other in regard to their respective beliefs and practices, is to make out that we have found Mystery Babylon as she was, and is, and is to be, even that great city of religious confusion, whose inhabitants being so destitute of the true spirit of brotherly love are never so nearly in their true element as when the pretext is offered to slay their fellow theo- crats for victory and for power.

Q. But if so-called scarlet Rome as a symbol is to be full of names of blasphemy, and is there- fore as one vast political system, to be full of its undivine theocratic systems either great or small; and if Mystery Babylon, as it is now fully made out, is to be the summation of those systems, are we yet expected to accede to such vagaries as being more than the wanderings of some

THE GREAT CITY BABYLON.

mind that might have taken some other direction just as well ?

A. But if Mystery Babylon as a symbol is to be the representation of a great city and so vast, why might she not, after the manner of the vision, be the summation, not only of the names, but also of those undivine systems themselves^ both great and small, that are to enfold their millions of votaries throughout that Rome that is to be, ''the beast that was, and is not, and yet is."

Q. But if, according to Rev. 17:18, Mystery Babylon is to reign over the kings of the earth, would not the fact be a reversal of what is now true? Is it not a fact in our time that kings reign over cities, and not cities over kings?

A. But Mystery Babylon being a religious city, let us not be too sure that she does not in- directly, if no further, still reign over the kings of the earth. For really, how safe would any Romish king now be upon his throne who would neither pander to nor laud that sort of theocracy that hSppens to be the mode with his -subjects in general?

Q. What are we to understand by the decla- ration in Rev. [7:16, to the effect that the ten

92 THE GREAT CITY BABYLON.

horns of the beast that carries Mystery Babylon are to eat her flesh and to burn her with fire?

A. That when leopard Rome shall change to scarlet Rome, that then its ten chief rulers, be- cause of the hatred which they will have for her, will begin forthwith to deeply lay those plans that will at last close her out forever.

Q. What are we to understand from Rev. i8: 9, 15-18, to the effect that the kings of the earth, and the merchants thereof, and every shipmaster, and all sailors, and all that trade by sea are to see the smoke of her burning? Or rather, is it not too manifest from all this that no city in any sense is or will ever be possible to such conditions?

A. While Mystery Babylon may not be a city under the current force of that term, yet is she and will be a real city, being composed of in- habitants and buildings, just as all inhabited cities are. But not being a concentered, but, to the contrary, a distributed city, portions of her being found in most every city, town and village within those countries that are, and ^'ill be found within those limits, at least such as the old Romish imperial system as a whole would prescribe; therefore, will it be no mystery at all

THE GREAT CITY BABYLON. 93

when her final calamity shall come, that the kings of the earth and all that habitually traverse the sea are to behold the smoke of her burning, considering, especially, that a few years, at least, may be required to effect her complete dispatch- ment.

Q. But what, then, are we to understand by the word day as used in Rev. i8:8, and by the word hour, as used in Rev. 18:10-19? Or rather, why is it that, if only a day of twenty- four hours is meant in the one case that more than an hour of sixty minutes should be meant in the other ? But, although only one vast con- centrated city was meant, are we required to be- lieve its complete destruction possible in the course of no more than one hour of sixty min- utes, or even in one whole day of twenty-four hours?

A. Could it be made out that those founda- tions were not fully laid which resulted in the establishment of Mystery Babylon as a city un- til as late as 666 A. D.; and also that she was not fully established as Mystery Babylon the Great until as late as 968 A. D., and could it be made out, furthermore, that her state of ''death, mourning and famine" will not be brought to its

94

THE GREAT CITY BABYLON;

fullness before the year 1968, it would then ap- pear that in just one thousand years, or in one millenary day from her complete establishment as Mystery Babylon the Great, she as such will be irretrievably retired from the world.

And moreover, could it be made out that she will not enter upon her scarlet state, properly so, until she shall in 1926 become the unwelcome burden of scarlet Rome, it would then appear that in just one millenary hour, or forty-one years and eight months, from her entrance upon that state will her judgment be complete, she and her untold riches being brought to naught forever.

Or in a more condensed way. if in 666 those foundations were fully laid which resulted in her establishment as Mystery Babylon the Great; and if in 968 she w^as fully established as such, and if in 1926 she is to enter upon her scarlet state, and if in 1968 her ruin is to be complete, then w^ill her millenary hour be the last hour of her millenary day, some part of the year 1968 being the terminus thereof.

Q. But what are w^e to understand by her scarlet state?

A. Her uniform state, or that state in which she will formallv resolve herself into an alliance

THE GREAT CITY BABYLON. 95

of all her constituent parts or theocratic systems great and small; but which alliance, be it noted, will only be in name and in appearance, seeing that those systems that will then compose her will then be just as contradictory and as greatly at war one with the other in matters of faith and practice as they are now; so that she will then be as now, still the great city of warring element and religious confusion, as her name must for- ever imply.

But because of the true theocracy that heaven's messengers will then herald in her midst, that alliance she must. form; and therefore the blood of the faithful she must shed; and so much so, indeed, that in her will be found the blood of prophets and apostles, and of all the righteous that will be slain upon the earth.

Q. But how is she to have such power to slay the innocent, yet being herself so hated by the chief officers of state as to be at last destroyed by them with a destruction final and complete?

A. We are to understand that although scarlet Rome's ten chief rulers may then hate her with a hatred inveterate, yet not being kings in fact, they will not, because of her great majorities, gain sufficient power over her to make away with

g6 THE GREAT CITY BABYLON.

her until, perhaps, during the last few years of her last millenary hour of forty-one years and eight months.

And thus we can see that, while Rome's ten chief rulers may so greatly hate her, yet will she for most of her last millenary hour, because of her great majorities, still have power to bring God's holy ones to the rack, the stake, the galloAvs and guillotine.

But while w^e must recognize the good that is still in her and the many good people that still belong to her churches, yet when she shall enter upon her scarlet, or coallied state, then and there will she enter upon her fallen state, fully so, and so well described in these words:

" And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Baby- lon the Great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habi- tation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird."

And thus we are led fairly to suspect, if no further, that for the very cause that God's own servants will be sent into her midst to persuade the just and the true to abandon her will she cause their blood to flow; nor yet sparing those that will dare exchange her pageantry for ^^the faith which was once delivered unto the ^ints."

CHRIST AND HIS ARMY. 97

CHAPTER XV.

CHRIST AND HIS ARMY.

Question. What explanation is proposed for Rev. 19:11-14?

"And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Fai^^hful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean."

Answer. If the symbol described in Rev. 12:1 was a representation of things on the earth, notwithstanding the wonder itself was seen in heaven, and if the things of Rev. 15:1 was also a representation of things on the earth, notwith- standing the picture thereof was seen in heaven, why, therefore, should not the vision of Christ and His army, as it was seen in heaven, repre- sent a real enactment of the scene on the earth; that is, a literal marching forth of the King of Kings with His army all mounted and uniformed as described to meet an invading foe? But what foe other than the armies and chief men of the last form of apocalyptic Rome, even that Rome that is to stand up against the ^'Prince of Princes, "but only to be broken without hand?

98 CHRIST AND HIS ARMY.

For if, according to Rev. 19:19, the beast and the kings of the earth and their armies are to be gathered together to make war against Christ and His army, will those who are afraid of the miraculous tell us how that will be done, except Christ and His army shall be veritably on the earth ?

Q. But if Christ is God and if God is all powerful, could he not destroy His enemies with- out opposing them with a real army ?

A. That Christ has power to destroy all His enemies by the power of His word we verily be- lieve, and that He will by the power of His word destroy those armies that will presume to make war upon Him and His army we also believe, notwithstanding it is taught that the beast and his great ally, the false prophet, will be taken. But why will they be taken while all their other <:onfederates will be slain by the word of His mouth except for the reason that they, being the instigators of the war, will be accounted worthy of a more awful doom — -the lake of fire burning w^ith brimstone?

But what will be the occasion of the war, ex- cept Christ and His army shall then be on the earth? and in what place or country except in

CHRIST AND HIS ARiMY. 99

Zion, which will then no doubt be as a country, independent and exceedingly splendid as to its lands, its cities, its laws and inhabitants?

But how will the beast, the false prophet and their confederates, know that Christ and His army are in Zion except it shall be so reported through- out their dominions ? But will they know that He is Christ, and that those who are with Him ^^are called, and chosen and faithful?" And would they presume to make war upon Him, yet knowing Him to be the ^^king of kings and lord of lords? "

But as they will believe Him to be no more than a man, and His army no more than their own soldiery, therefore will they send up their vast columns against the glorious land. But will the Master wait until they have hurled their blasphemous hordes upon hallowed ground? Rather, will He not march forth with His faithful sons, to challenge their entrance there ?

But when they find themselves confronted by heaven's Captain and His white horse cavalcade, will they not be taken? That is, being welded, as it were, each one to his place, through that awful dread and consternation with which the most ^wicked alone may be inspired, what will

CHRIST AND HIS ARMY.

they do ? What can they do more than to re- main and to hear the calamity which they them- selves have brought, pronounced by Him with whom they have presumed to measure arms?

How oft would I have received you unto my- self, but you would not? I have sent my chief servants time and again to warn you of your impending doom, except you should cease your blasphemies and turn from your awful crimes, of which you know you are guilty. But instead of giving heed to their pleadings, you have not only cast them into prison and into exile, but you have scourged them, tortured them, and slain them with all cruel inventions.

And now, therefore, I call the hosts above, and all that are beholding our affairs, this day to witness that you will henceforth have no one to reproach for your calamity but yourselves; so that if you should henceforth continue your cursings and blasphemies, let such things be upon your own heads, and upon the head of him whose service you have so greatly preferred to my sayings.

And now, if the earth should open her mouth to receive you into the flames below, that lake that burneth with fire and brimstone, whose fault

CHRIST AND HIS ARMY. 1 01

is it but your own? It was you that rejected the terms of mercy, and justice must have his own.

And now therefore, O my Father in heaven, if it be thy will, that as the earth gave way to receive from view Korah, Dathan and Abiram, that it shall now give w^ay to let these down to their own place, thy w^ill be done; and in confir- mation of the sentence, let not only these sons, but all above us that are called to witness the scene, respond amen, thy will be done, forever- more 1

Or, as we would suppose, thus will end beastly Rome, or that accursed horn of full twenty-seven and a half centuries, that shall ^^ stand up against the prince of princes, and be broken without hand."

102 THE LAST GREAT REBELLION.

CHAPTER XVI.

THE LAST GREAT REBELLION.

Question. What are we to understand by the things of Rev. 20:1-3, 8-10? Are we required to believe that such things will be possible, in any literal sense ?

"And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand. And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which i the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years and cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season. . . And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and com. passed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven and devoured them. And the Devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night, forever and ever."

Answer. But if these things are not to be fulfilled in perfect accord with the words used,

THE LAST GREAT REBELLION. IO3

what substance is there in the affair? If there is no personal Devil, are there any such things at all as angels and spirits ? But if the Devil is and he cannot be bound, who, then, is the Almighty that he should be called such ? But if the Devil can be bound, how will that be done, except by the use of some means ? And why should not that means be a real chain and of a sort as well known and just as tangible to angels and spirits as are material chains to man's material structure?

And again, if the Devil is and can be bound, why should not the bottomless pit be a real place and one that can be locked up and sealed up to hold in safety its special charge for one thou- sand years before it shall give him up to resume his work of deception and war?

Q. But if the righteous are to be resurrected to reign with Christ a thousand years, and as we cannot suppose that these, after all this, could ever again be deceived, who, then, will those vast numbers be that are to be gathered together and marshaled for war?

A. The descendants of those called the wise virgins in Mat. 25:2; that is, all the righteous that will be alive and prepared to meet Christ when

104 THE LAST GREAT REBELLION.

He shall come to remain, and who will enter the millennium in their mortality, or, at least, in a state that will not be so greatly changed as to dispense with powers of generation. And as it will be the descendants of these, therefore, that will overspread and so densely repopulate the outside world it will, therefore, be the great ma- jority of these, and not those in the resurrected state at all, whose smouldering ashes will pro- claim the end of the last rebellion against the truth and the testimony that will ever tarnish the universe through the deception of Lucifer, the ^^ fallen son of the morning."

THE END.

i

Deacidified using the Bookkeeper process. Neutralizing agent: Magnesium Oxide Treatment Date: May 2005

PreservationTechnologies

A WORLD LEADER IN PAPER PRESERVATION

1 1 1 Thomson Park Dnve Cranberry Township, PA 16066 (724)779-2111
