

^  1   ir^  "a 


>j,OFCMIF0;?^ 


,-\\\EUNIVERy/A 


^<I/OJ11V3JO^  <ril33NVS01^ 


< 


s    ^ 


o 


^lOSANCElfj-^ 
o 


(5 


^HIBRARYQ^ 


^(!/OJnV0JO^ 
^OFCAIIFO/?^      ^OFCALIF 


^^AyviiaiT# 


^^HIBRARYOc 


>* 


^\^EUNIVERS'//> 


'A- 


-^IUBRATOa,       ^t•llBRARYQ^ 


'^<!/0ailV3'JO'^ 


^OFCAIIFOMi^^ 


^'^AdvaaiH^      ^^Ayvaan-^^ 


,ii:' 


\WFl)NIVERS/A        vvlOSANCElFX;> 


I 


,^WE■UN1VER% 


'^■sm'mm'^ 


^aiMNn-iu"^^ 


.vVOSANCElfj^^ 


%a3AINfl-3WV^ 


6> 


vr. 


-^^HIBRARYO^^       ^tl!BRARYa<'  ^^WEUNIVEl 


PINNOCK'S  CATECHISMS. 


CATECHISM 


LOGIC. 


SEVENTH   EDITION,  REVISED  AND   ALTERED. 


LONDON : 
WHITTAKER,  TREACHER,  AND  CO. 


AVC-MARIA   LANE. 


1S22. 


A 

CATF.CHiSM  OF  LOGIC. 

CHAPTER  I. 

INTRODUCTION. 

Qaesllon.     What  is  Logic? 

Answer.  Logic  is  the  science  that  instructs  us  in 
the  principles  on  which  reasoning  is  founded ;  it  is 
also  the  art  of  applying  those  principles  rightly  in 
conducting  an  argument, 

Q.  What  is  the  ditierence  between  science  and  art  ? 

A.  A  science  is  a  systematic  arrangement  of  facts, 
and  is  tlicrefore  hxoidedge  simply ;  an  art  teaches  the 
application  of  that  knowledge  to  practical  purposes. 

Q.  How  does  the  science  of  Logic  differ  from 
INJetaphysics,  or  the  science  of  mind  ? 

A.  jMetaphysics  treats  of  the  nature  of  mind  gene- 
rally. Logic  only  regards  those  mental  faculties  which 
are  concerned  in  reasoning. 

Q.  Hov/  does  the  art  of  Logic  differ  from  the  arS 
of  Rhetoric  ? 

A.  The  object  of  Logic  is  to  convince,  that  of 
Rhetoric  to  persuade  :  ])y  Logic,  a  thing  is  shown  to 

2024810 


2  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

be  right  and  good ;  by  Rhetoric,  motives  are  supplied 
for  choosing  that  whose  goodness  and  rectitude  has 
been  demonstrated  :  finally.  Logic  addresses  itself 
solely  to  the  understanding ;  Rhetoric,  for  the  most 
part,  to  the  feelings  and  passions. 

Q.  Is  Logic  a  useful  branch  of  learning? 

A.  Few  studies  have  greater  claims  upon  our  atten- 
tion, since  it  enables  us  to  dispose  our  own  arguments 
so  as  to  produce  conviction,  and  to  detect  the  false 
reasoning  of  others. 

Q.  But  do  we  not  find  persons  ignorant  of  Logic 
reason  correctly  ? 

A.  Certainly ;  and  we  also  find  persons  ignorant  of 
grammar  ^^'ho  speak  and  write  with  tolerable  correct- 
ness ;  but  men  would  both  speak  and  reason  better  if 
they  were  aided  by  useful  rules  for  their  direction, 
and  were  acquainted  with  the  principles  on  which 
these  rules  are  founded. 

Q.  By  whom  was  Logic  invented  ? 

A.  By  Zeno  of  Elea,  whose  principal  design  was  to 
assist  the  Grecian  philosophers  in  the  disputes  which 
they  incessantly  maintained. 

Q.  Why  then  is  Aristotle  usually  esteemed  the  in- 
ventor of  Logic  ? 

A.  He  first  reduced  the  whole  into  an  orderly  sys- 
tem, and  added  so  many  inventions  of  his  own  as  to 
make  it  appear  altogether  a  new  art. 

Q.  Why  has  the  study  of  Logic  been  so  much 
neglected  ? 

A.  The  followers  of  Aristotle  asserted,  that  Logic 
M-as  not  only  the  best,  but  the  only  means  for  dis~ 
coverinrj  truth, — a  purpose  to  which  it  is  scarcely 
aj)plicable  ]  and  when  the  falsehood  of  this  claim  was 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  S 

etected,  tlie  world  ran  into  the  other  extreme,  and 
laid  aside  the  entire  art  as  useless. 

Q.  Might  not  another  reason  be  assigned  ? 
A.  Yes ;  there  is  scarcely  any  study  which  requires 
so  much  preparation  before  the  learner  can  perceive 
its  real  utility :  when  people,  therefore,  cannot  per- 
ceive some  immediate  benefit  resulting  from  their 
application,  they  fancy  that  further  perseverance 
would  be  a  useless  waste  of  time ;  acting  as  absurdly 
as  the  husbandman  in  the  fable,  who  resigned  the 
culture  of  his  lands  altogether,  because  corn  did  not 
appear  immediately  after  his  field  was  ploughed. 


CHAPTER  II. 

Ideas  and  Terms. 

Q.  What  are  the  principal  mental  operations  or 
faculties  to  which  our  attention  is  directed  in  Logic  ? 

A.  There  are  three  principal  faculties  regarded  by 
Logic ;  1.  Simple  Apprehension,  by  which  we  receive 
ideas ;  2.  Judgment,  by  which  we  compare  those 
ideas  ;  and  3.  Reasoning,  by  which  we  deduce  in- 
ferences from  those  comparisons. 

Q.  ^^llat  is  an  idea  ? 

A,  The  immediate  object  of  the  mind  in  thought ; 
— that  vrhich  is  present  to  our  mind  when  we  think 
of  any  thing. 

Q.  What  is  apprehension  ? 

A.  The  faculty  by  which  we  conceive  any  thing  in 
our  minds  :  it  is  analogous  to  perception  in  the  body. 

Q.  How  is  apprehension  divided  ? 

A.  Into  two  kinds;  simple  and  complex. 
B  2 


4  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC* 

Q.  How  do  these  differ  ?  ^ 

J.  When  we  conceive  objects  separately,  without 
taking  into  account  any  relation  or  connection  be- 
tween them ;  the  appreliension  is  simple,  as  of  "  a 
man,"  "a  horse,"  "cards;"  but  if  two  or  more 
ideas,  between  which  there  is  relation  or  connection, 
be  considered,  the  apprehension  is  complex,  as  of 
"  a  horseman,"  "  a  pack  of  cards,"  &c. 

Q,  What  is  a  term  ? 

A.  It  is  a  word  expressing  an  idea;  and  it  is  so 
called,  because  it  terminates,  or  marks  out  the  limits 
of  the  idea. 

O.  Hov/  are  terms  divided  ? 

A.  Into  singular  and  universal. 

Q.  What  is  a  singular  term  ? 

A.  A  singular  term  (called  by  grammarians  d. 
proper  name),  is  that  which  can  only  be  applied  to 
one  thing  in  the  same  sense.  The  single  thing  is 
called  an  individual. 

Q.  "Why  is  it  named  an  individual  ? 

A.  Because  it  cannot  be  divided  into  things  of  the 
same  sort  or  species.  Thus,  (to  use  an  old  illustra- 
tion), a  leg  of  mutton  is  an  individual,  for  though  it 
may  be  divided  into  portions,  it  cannot  be  divided 
into  legs  of  mutton. 

Q.  What  is  a  imiversal  term  ? 

A.  That  which  can  be  applied  to  several  things  in 
the  same  sense,  as  **  man,"  "  horse,"  "  star." 

Q.  Are  not  the  same  singular  terms  frequently 
applied  to  several  different  individuals  ? 

A.  Yes ;  but  never  in  the  same  sense ;  Peter  the 
(ircat,  and  Peter  tlie  Hermit,  have  the  same  proper 
name,   hut  it  is  not  given  to  them  in  the  sense  of 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  5 

identity,  such  as  when  we  give  the  title  of  man  to 
b-ath  these  indivifkials ;  a  Roman  general,  a  black 
servant,  and  a  pet  dog,  may  be  each  named  Pompey, 
but  the  resemblance  of  name  only  results  from  acci- 
dent, which  is  not  the  case  when  we  say  that  the 
three  individuals  are  animals. 


CHAPTER   III. 

Mfitr action,  S^-c. 

Q.  "What  are  the  most  remarkable  affections  of 
properties  of  terms  ? 

A.  Comprehension  and  Extension. 

Q.  What  is  the  comprehension  of  a  term  ? 

A.  It  is  the  aggregate  of  all  the  simpler  ideas, 
which,  together,  make  up  the  complex  idea,  signified 
by  that  term. 

Q.  ^Yhat  is  the  extension  of  a  term  ? 

A.  It  is  the  aggregate  of  all  the  individuals  of 
which  that  term  may  be  severally  predicated  or  af- 
firaied. 

Q.  Can  you  give  any  instance  ? 

A.  The  comprehension  of  the  term  ''man"  in- 
cludes the  ideas  of  "  substance,  form,  life,  sensation, 
reason,"  &c. ;  because  these  simple  ideas  make  up 
the  complex  notion  of  man :  the  extension  of  the 
term  man  is  the  individuals  James,  John,  Richard, 
&c.,  for  to  each  of  these  the  name  man  can  be  ap- 
plied. 

Q.  In  what  are  comprehension  and  extension  alike? 

A.  They  are  both  aggregates  or  collections. 

Q.  How  do  they  differ  ? 
B  3 


6  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

J.  The  parts  of  comprehension  are  ideas,  and 
taken  collectively;  the  parts  of  extension  are  indi- 
viduals, and  taken  separately :  the  complex  notion  is 
changed  if  any  of  the  parts  of  comprehension  be 
removed ;  no  alteration  is  made  by  the  destruction  of 
the  parts  of  extension. 

Q.  How  are  universal  terms  formed  ? 

A.  Terms  become  universal  by  being  made  the 
r.ames  of  universal  ideas ;  ideas  become  universal  by 
al5straction. 

Q.  V>liat  is  Abstraction  ? 

A.  The  consideration  of  attributes  common  to  se- 
veral individuals ;  separating  from  them  those  which 
are  peculiar  to  a  single  individual,  but  which  always 
accompany  them  in  real  existence. 

Q.  Can  you  explain  this  more  clearly  by  an  ex- 
ample ? 

A.  The  complex  notion  of  any  particular  man, 
formed  in  the  mind,  contains  the  simpler  ideas  of 
substance,  life,  reason,  &c.,  together  with  the  ideas 
of  a  particular  form,  and  countenance,  and  existence, 
in  a  certain  time  and  i)lace:  these  latter  simpler 
ideas,  or  attributes,  belong  to  that  individual  alone, 
and  distinguish  him  from  all  others ;  but  the  attri- 
butes of  substance,  body,  life,  sensation,  and  reason, 
belong  to  a  great  number  of  individuals  :  these  then 
being  separated  from  the  peculiarities,  and  collected 
together,  form  what  is  called  the  general  notion,  or 
universal  idea  of  man  ;  and  the  process  by  which  this 
separation  is  performed,  is  called  abstraction. 

Q.  AYhence  arises  the  necessity  of  abstraction  ? 

A.  All  our  ideas  are,  primarily,  ideas  of  individuals; 
if  they  so  continued,  we  should  have  names  of  indi- 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  7 

vidiials  only,  and  it  would  be  manifestly  iiTipossible 
for  men  to  find  a  separate  name  for  every  £C])arate 
object ;  but  by  the  process  of  abstraction,  we  separate 
objects  into  sorts  and  classes,  to  which,  when  we 
liave  given  names,  we  obtain  universal  terms, 

Q.  What  effect  does  abstraction  produce  on  com- 
prehension ? 

A.  It  diminishes  the  comprehension,  for  it  omits 
certain  attributes. 

Q.  "What  effect  does  abstraction  produce  on  exten-» 
sion  ? 

A.  It  increases  the  extension;  for  when  the  peculiar 
attributes  are  omitted,  the  new  complex  idea  becomes 
applicable  to  several  individuals,  whereas  before  it 
was  limited  to  one. 

Q.  How  are  comprehension  and  extension  con- 
nected ? 

Ai.  The  extension  of  a  term,  or  of  the  idea  signified 
by  that  term,  depends  on  its  comprehension ;  for  the 
greater  the  comprehension,  the  less  will  be  the  exten- 
sion, and  rice  versa. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  Because  every  additional  attribute,  taken  into 
the  comprehension  of  a  term,  or  the  idea  signified  by 
a  term,  limits  its  application  to  individuals  which 
have  a  corresponding  character :  for  instance,  if,  to 
the  general  complex  idea  of  man,  containing  sub- 
stance, body,  life,  sensation,  and  reason,  there  be 
added  the  attribute  of  whiteness,  those  individuals 
who  do  not  possess  a  v.'hite  colour,  will  no  longer  be 
contained  in  its  extension. 


S  CATECHISM    or    LOGIC. 

CHAPTER  IV. 

Of  Judgment  and  Propositions. 

Q.  What  is  judgment  ? 

A.  It  is  the  affirmation  or  negation  of  one  idea 
about  another. 

Q.  What  is  a  proposition  ? 

A.  It  is  a  judgment  expressed  in  words,  and  may 
be  defined,  the  affirmation  or  negation  of  one  term 
respecting  another. 

Q.  What  are  the  parts  of  a  proposition  ? 

yl.  Two  ;  the  subject  and  the  predicate. 

Q.  liow  are  they  defined  ? 

A.  'J'he  subject  is  that  about  which  something  is 
affirmed  or  denied;  the  predicate  is  that  which  is 
affirmed  or  denied  concerning  the  subject. 

Q.  Does  the  predicate  always  follow  the  subject  in 
the  proposition  ? 

A.  JNo ;  they  must  be  distinguished  by  the  meaning 
of  the  sentence,  and  not  by  the  position  of  the  terms. 
Thus,  when  we  say,  "  pleasant  are  the  paths  of  vir- 
tue," jjleasant  is  the  predicate,  and  paths  of  virtue  the 
sul^ject. 

Q.  How  is  the  predicate  subdivided  ? 

A.  Into  the  copula,  and  res  copulataj  but  the  latter, 
by  itself,  is  most  usually  named  the  predicate. 

Q.  Give  me  an  instance  of  a  proposition  and  its 
parts  ? 

A.  In  the  proposition  "man  is  mortal,"  "man" 
is  the  subject,  "  is"  the  copula,  and  "  mortal"  the 
res  copulata,  or  predicate. 

Q.  Is  this  the  form  of  every  simple  proposition  ? 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  9 

A.  No :  in  common  conversation,  the  copula  (which 
is  always  the  verb  substantive,  with  or  without  a 
negative  particle)  frequently  forms  one  word  with 
the  res  copulata,  as  **  horses  walk;"  but  for  the  sake 
of  distinction,  logicians,  in  such  cases,  use  a  parti- 
ciple and  the  verb  substantive,  instead  of  the  simple 
verb  ;  thus,  the  instance  given  would  be  resolved 
into  *'  horses  are  walking  beings." 

Q.  Whether  are  subjects  or  predicates  the  more 
general  ? 

A.  Any  term  may  be  a  subject;  none  but  a  uni- 
versal term  can  be  a  predicate. 

Q.  Why  cannot  a  singular  term  be  a  predicate  ? 

A.  Because  being  only  applicable  to  one  individual, 
it  can  be  affirmed  of  that  alone,  or  else  the  proposition 
would  be  identical,  as  "  Peter  is  Peter." 


CHAPTER  V. 

Predicables  and  Predicaments. 

Q.  What  is  a  predicable  ? 

A.  That  which  can  be  predicated  or  asserted  of 
any  thing.  Every  universal  term  is  a  predicable,  for 
it  may  be  asserted  of  the  individuals  contained  in  its 
extension. 

Q.  How  many  classes  of  predicables  are  there  ? 

A.  Five;  Genus,  Species,  Difference,  Property,  and 
Accident :  of  these,  the  two  former  declare  ichat  a 
thing  is,  the  three  latter  ichat  kind  it  is. 

Q.  How  do  you  define  genus  and  species  ? 

A.  Genus  is  a  universal  term,  containing  in  its 
extension  tAvo  or  more  imiversal  terms ;  Species  is  a 


10  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

universal  term  contained  in  the  extension  of  one  more 
universal.  Thus,  "  animal"  is  a  genus,  for  it  contains 
*'  man"  and  "  beast"  in  its  extension ;  these  latter 
are  species,  for  they  are  contained  in  the  extension  of 
animal. 

Q.  How  do  you  define  the  other  predicablec  ? 

A.  Difference,  called  also  the  Essential  Difference, 
is  the  name  of  the  principal  essential  attribute  found 
in  the  species,  but  not  in  the  genus  (as  reason  in 
man) ;  Property,  is  the  name  of  every  essential  attri- 
bute, except  the  principal,  which  is  found  in  the 
species,  but  not  in  the  genus ;  Accident,  is  the  name 
of  a  non-essential  attribute  ;  that  is,  an  attribute 
which  is  found  in  individuals,  but  not  universally  in 
a  class  or  species  (as  a  white  complexion,  red  hair, 
&c.). 

Q.  Which  is,  genus  or  species,  the  more  abstract 
idea  ? 

A.  Genus ;  for  it  has  greater  extension,  and  less 
comprehension. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  this  ? 

A.  It  has  greater  extension,  for  it  contains  the 
species  in  its  extension;  it  has  less  comprehension, 
for  the  Essential  Difference  and  the  Properties,  which 
are  always  found  in  the  comprehension  of  the  species, 
never  enter  into  that  of  the  genus. 

Q.  Explain  the  process  by  which  the  five  predica- 
bles  are  formed. 

A.  The  process  of  abstraction  commences  by  omit- 
ting the  attributes  which  are  peculiar  to  an  indivi- 
dual ;  the  preserved  attributes  form  the  complex  idea 
of  a  class  or  species,  the  omitted  attributes  are  Acci- 
dents ,'  we  next  remove  the  attributes  peculiar  to  the 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  11 

species,  which  form  Difference  and  Property,  while 
those  which  we  retain  form  the  complex  idea  of 
genus. 

Q.  How  are  genera  and  species  divided  r 

A.  Genus  is  either  the  liighest  or  subaltern;  species 
is  either  the  lowest  or  subaltern. 

Q.  Explain  this  division. 

A.  In  pursuing  the  process  of  abstraction,  after 
removing  the  peculiar  attributes,  we  at  length  arrive 
at  a  single  idea,  unlimited  by  any  attributes ;  this  is 
called  the  Highest  genus :  the  first  class  which  we 
formed  in  our  process  is  called  the  Lowest  species : 
the  intervening  classes  are  called  subaltern,  genera, 
and  species ;  for  they  are  species  with  respect  to  the 
classes  above,  and  genera  v/ith  respect  to  the  classes 
below  them. 

Q.  Explain  this  by  an  example. 

A.  In  abstracting  the  idea  of  an  individual  man, 
we  omit  the  accidents  of  form,  countenance,  existence 
in  time  and  place,  &c. ;  the  preserved  attributes  form 
the  complex  idea  of  the  species,  man ;  this  is  called 
the  lowest  species,  because  it  contains  only  indivi- 
duals in  its  extension :  we  next  omit  the  Essential 
Difference,  or  attribute  peculiar  to  that  species,  viz. 
reason,  and  we  have  the  complex  idea  of  Animal, 
which  is  a  genus,  because  it  contains  the  species 
man  and  beast  in  its  extension  ;  but  Animal  is  also  a 
species,  for  if  we  omit  the  Essential  Difierence,  sen- 
sation, we  form  a  class  above  it,  Vivens  (living  thing), 
which  includes  animal  and  plant  in  its  extension : 
again,  omitting  the  attribute  life,  v/e  form  the  class 
Body;  and,  finally,  removing  the  attribute /orm,  we 
arrive  at  substance,  which  is  the  highest  genus,  be- 


12  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC, 

cause  it  is  contained  in  the  extension  of  no  more 
general  term. 

Q.  What  is  a  predicament  ? 

A.  A  predicament,  called  also  a  category,  is  the 
highest  genus,  with  all  the  classes,  &c.  that  are  con- 
tained in  its  extension. 

Q.  What  is  a  predicamental  line  ? 

A.  A  series  of  classes,  commencing  with  the  lowest 
epecies,  and  terminating  with  the  highest  genus.  For 
instance,  the  series  I\'Jan,  Animal,  Yivens,  Body,  Sub- 
stance, is  a  predicam.entc '  line, 

Q.  How  many  predicamental  lines  are  there  in  a 
predicament  ? 

^.  As  many  as  there  are  lowest  species, 

Q,  Which  is,  predicament  or  predicable,  the  mora 
extensive  term  ? 

A.  Predicament;  for  it  contains  singular  terms 
which  are  excluded  from  the  classes  of  predicables. 

Q.  How  many  predicaments,  or  categories,  were 
enumerated  by  the  old  logicians  ? 

A.  Ten: — viz.  Substance;  Quantity,  with  its  three 
species,  number,  time,  and  magnitude ;  Quality,  with 
its  four  species,  habit,  natural  power,  patible  quality, 
form,  and  figure ;  Relation,  Action,  Passion,  Where, 
When,  Posture,  and  Habit. 

Q,  How  does  Time,  a  species  of  quantity,  differ 
from  the  category  When  ? 

A.  The  former  relates  to  the  time  Jtoic  long. 

Q.  What  do  you  mean  by  patible  qualities  ? 

A.  Those  qualities  of  body  which  the  mind  is  pas- 
sive in  receiving. 

Q.  What  is  the  difference  between  habit,  a  species 
of  quality,  sind  habit,  the  last  category  ? 


CAi'ECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  13 

A.  The  former  signifies  custom,  the  latter  dress. 

Q.  What  do  you  mean  by  relation  ? 

A.  Relation  takes  place  \\'hen  the  consideration  of 
one  idea  necessarily  includes  the  consideration  of 
another;  thus,  the  idea  of  parent  includes  that  of 
child,  the  idea  of  master  that  of  servant,  &c.  The 
idea,  primarily  considered,  is  called  the  Relate,  or  the 
subject  of  relation ;  that,  whose  consideration  is  in- 
cluded, is  called  the  Correlate,  or  term  of  the  relation ; 
and  their  names  are  called  relative  and  Correlative 
terms. 

Q.  \yhat  was  the  object  of  classifying  the  predica- 
m.ents  ? 

A.  As  the  predicables  contained  the  predicates  of 
propositions,  it  was  designed  to  include  the  subjects 
in  the  classes  of  predicaments. 


CHAPTER  VI. 

The  absolute  affections  of  propositions. 

Q.  How  are  propositions  divided  ? 

A.  Into  simple  and  compound. 

Q.  What  is  the  difference  between  them  ? 

A.  A  simple  proposition  cannot  be  resolved  into 
several;  a  compound  may  be  divided  into  several 
simple. 

Q.  How  are  the  affections  or  properties  of  propo- 
sitions divided  ? 

A.  Into  the  Absolute,  or  those  which  belong  to  a 
proposition  considered  by  itself;  and  the  Relative 
affections  which  result  from  the  comparison  of  several 
propositions  with  each  other. 


14  CATECHISM    OP   LOGIC. 

Q.  What  are  the  absolute  affections  of  propositions  ? 

A.  (iiiantity  and  Quality. 

Q.  What  is  quantity  ? 

A.  The  determination  of  the  extension  of  the  sub- 
ject in  a  proposition  :  it  is  either  universahty  or  par- 
ticularity. With  respect  to  quantity,  propositions 
are  divided  into  universal  and  particular. 

Q.  \Miat  is  quality  ? 

A.  Thenature  of  the  assertion  made  in  a  proposition; 
it  is  either  affirmation  or  negation.  With  respect  to 
quahty,  propositions  are  diA'ided  into  affirmative  and 
negative. 

Q.  What  is  a  universal  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  subject  is  distributed,  or 
taken  in  its  entire  extension.  If  the  subject  be  a 
universal  term  (see  Chap.  II.),  a  mark  of  universality, 
such  as  '*all,  every,  none,"  is,  for  the  most  part, 
prefixed ;  but  if  the  subject  be  a  singular  term,  no 
such  mark  is  required,  because  a  singular  term  being 
only  applicable  to  one  individual,  must  always  be 
taken  in  its  entire  extension. 

Q.  What  is  a  particular  proposition  ? 

A.  That  whose  subject  is  not  distributed  or  taken 
in  its  entire  extension.  The  subject  must,  in  this 
case,  be  a  universal  term;  and  to  show  that  it  is 
taken  particularly,  a  mark  of  uncertain  quantity,  such 
as  ''  some,  many,  a  few,  &c."  is  usually  prefixed. 

Q.  Why  do  you  use  the  word  uncertain  ? 

A.  Because,  if  the  quantity  were  certain,  it  would 
individualize  the  subject,  and  make  it  in  fact  a  singu- 
lar term ;  now  we  have  already  sho\vn,  that  propo- 
sitions, whose  subjects  are  singular,  belong  to  the 
class  of  universals.     Propositions,  whose  subjects 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  15 

have  a  mark  of  certain  quantity,  are  usually  termed 
Collective. 

Q.  Wliat  is  an  affiimative  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  predicate  is  said  to  agree 
with  the  subject,  or  more  properly,  to  contain  the 
entire  extension  which  the  subject  has  in  that  pro- 
position. 

Q.  \Mien  will  this  be  the  case  ? 

A.  \\Tien  the  entire  comprehension  of  the  predicate 
is  contained  in  the  comprehension  of  the  subject. 

Q.  What  is  a  negative  proposition. 

A.  That  in  which  the  predicate  is  said  to  disagree 
with  the  subject,  or  more  properly,  to  exclude  the 
entire  extension  which  the  su])ject  has  in  that  propo- 
sition. 

Q.  When  will  this  be  the  case  ? 

A.  AVhen  there  are  one  or  more  ideas  in  the  com- 
prehension of  the  predicate,  which  are  not  contained 
in  the  comprehension  of  the  subject,  nor  in  any  of  its 
parts. 

Q.  How  are  propositions  divided  with  respect  to 
quantity  and  quality  taken  together  ? 

A.  Into  four  classes,  marked  for  convenience  by 
the  four  vov/els,  as  follows  : — 

A  a  universal  affirmative, 
E  a  universal  negative, 
I  a  particular  affirmative, 
O  a  particidar  negative. 

Q.  What  is  the  matter  of  a  proposition  ? 

A.  The  nature  of  the  connection  between  the  sub- 
ject and  predicate :  it  is  three-fold,  necessary,  impos- 
sible, and  contingent. 

c  2 


16  CATECHISM   OP   LOGIC. 

Q.  How  are  these  three  kinds  of  matter  distin- 
guished ? 

A.  If  the  predicate  agree  with  all  the  individuals 
of  the  subject,  as  in  A,  the  matter  is  said  to  be  neces- 
sary; if  it  disagree  with  all,  as  in  E,  the  matter  is 
said  to  be  impossible ;  if  it  agi'ec  with  some,  and  dis- 
agree with  others,  as  ia  I  and  O,  the  matter  is  said 
to  be  contingent. 

Q.  What  is  an  indefinite  proposition? 

A.  That  in  which  the  matter  is  not  strictly  de- 
fined, as  ''mothers  love  their  children,"  *' men  do 
not  voluntarily  incur  loss  :"  in  these  cases,  the  extent 
of  the  agreement  or  disagreement  between  the  subject 
and  predicate,  cannot  be  discovered  from  the  terms 
of  the  proposition,  and  therefore  such  propositions 
are  excluded  from  strict  logical  reasoning. 


CHAPTER  VH. 

Truth  and  Falsehood. 

Q.  How  many  kinds  of  truth  are  there  ? 

A.  Two  ;  Logical  and  Ethical :  of  course  there  are 
the  same  varieties  of  falsehood. 

Q.  How  are  these  kinds  distinguished  ? 

A.  Logical  truth  is  the  agreement  of  an  assertion 
with  the  reality  of  things ;  Ethical  truth  its  agree- 
ment with  the  judgment  of  the  mind. 

Q.  "When  will  the  same  proposition  be  both  logi- 
cally and  ethically  true  or  false  ? 

A.  When  the  mind  forms  a  correct  judgment. 

Q.  What  inferences  can  be  deduced  when  the  mind 
forms  a  correct  judgment  ? 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  17 

A.  We  may  infer,  that  a  proposition  ethically  true 
will  be  logically  true,  and  that  a  proposition  ethically 
false  will  be  logically  false,  and  vice  versa. 

Q.  What  inferences  may  be  deduced  when  the  mind 
forms  aa  incorrect  judgment  ? 

A.  We  may  infer,  that  a  proposition  logically  true 
will  be  ethically  false,  and  vice  versa  j  but  we  cannot 
infer  that  a  proposition  logically  false  will  be  ethically 
true,  nor  that  a  proposition  ethically  false  will  be 
logically  true. 

Q.  Why  can  we  not  ? 

A.  There  is  only  one  truth ;  the  varieties  of  false- 
hood are  infinite;  for  instance,  I  may  suppose  that 
this  book  contains  one  hundred  pages,  and  with 
ethical  falsehood  assert,  that  it  contained  any  other 
number ;  but  the  mental  falsehood  of  my  assertion 
would  not  manifestly  constitute  logical  truth. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

The  affections  of  the  terms  of  a  proposition. 

Q.  Have  terms  any  relative  affection  ? 

A.  Yes;  in  a  proposition  they  are  said  to  have 
quantity. 

Q.  Why  is  this  a  relative  affection  of  propositions  ? 

A.  Because  quantity,  that  is,  universahty  or  par^ 
ticularity,  does  not  belong  to  the  terms  taken  by 
themselves,  but  is  determined  by  the  nature  of  the 
proposition  in  which  they  are  found. 

Q.  In  this  relative  sense,  what  is  a  universal  term  ? 

A.  A  term  distributed  or  taken  in  its  entire  exten- 
sion. 

C3 


18  CATECHISM    or    LOGIC. 

Q.  "\Miat  is  a  particular  term  ? 

A.  A  term  not  distributed;  that  is,  not  taken  in 
its  entire  extension. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  quantity  of  the  terms  of  a 
proposition  depend  ? 

A.  The  quantity  of  the  subject  depends  on  the 
quantity  of  the  proposition ;  tlie  quantity  of  the  pre- 
dicate on  the  quality  of  the  proposition. 

Q.  How  does  the  quantity  of  the  subject  depend 
on  the  quantity  of  the  proposition  ? 

A.  In  every  universal  proposition,  the  subject  ig 
imiversal,  and  in  every  particular  proposition,  par- 
ticular ;  as  is  plain  from  the  definitions  in  Chap.  YI. 

Q.  How  does  the  quantity  of  the  predicate  depend 
on  the  quality  of  the  proposition  ? 

A.  In  every  affirmative  proposition  the  predicate  is 
particular,  and  in  every  negative  it  is  universal. 

Q.  Why  is  the  predicate  of  an  affirmative  propo- 
sition particular  ? 

A.  The  assertion  of  an  affirmative  proposition  is, 
that  the  predicate  contains  the  extension  of  the  sub- 
ject; from  thence,  it  cannot  be  inferred,  that  the 
predicate  contains  nothing  more ;  as  therefore  only 
part  of  its  extension  can  be  inferred  from  the  propo- 
sition, it  must  be  considered  particular. 

Q.  But  is  not  the  predicate  of  an  affirmative  pro- 
position sometimes  taken  in  its  entire  extension  ? 

A.  When  the  terms  of  an  affirmative  proposition 
are  reciprocal,  as  "  man  is  a  rational  animal,"  the 
predicate  is  really  taken  in  its  entire  extension ;  but 
it  must  still  be  considered  as  particular,  because  its 
universality  is  inferred  from  knowledge  extrinsic  to 
the  proposition. 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  19. 

Q.  \Miat  do  you  mean  by  reciprocal  terms  ? 

A.  Terms  which  may  be  universally  predicated  of 
each  other. 

Q.  Why  is  the  predicate  of  a  negative  proposition 
universal  ? 

A,  The  assertion  of  a  negative  proposition  is,  that 
the  extension  of  the  subject  is  excluded  from  the 
entire  extension  of  the  predicate;  consequently,  the 
predicate  is  taken  in  its  entire  extension,  and  is 
therefore  universal. 


CHAPTER  IX. 

The  relative  affections  ofpronositions. 
Subalternation. 

Q.  How  many  relative  affections  of  propositions 
are  noticed  by  Logicians  ? 

A.  Three;  Subalternation,  Conversion,  and  Op- 
position. 

Q.  What  is  subalternation  r 

A.  The  deduction  of  a  particular  or  singular  pro- 
position, from  a  universal,  without  transposing  the 
terms.  The  universal  proposition  is  called  the  sub- 
aJfcrnans;  the  inferences  deduced  from  it  are  named 
subalterns.  Thus,  from  the  subalternans,  *' every 
man  is  an  animal,"  we  may  deduce  the  subalterns, 
"  some  men  are  animals,"  *'  Peter  is  an  animal,"  &c. 

Q.  What  are  the  canons  respecting  the  determina- 
tion of  tiaith  and  falsehood  in  this  process  ? 

A.  There  are  four;  but  the  two  last  may  be  in- 
ferred from  the  others  : — 

1.  The  truth  of  the  universal  infers  the  tnith  of 
the  particular. 


20  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

2.  The  truth  of  the  particular  does  not  infer  the 

truth  of  the  universal. 

3.  The  falsehood   of  the  particular    infers  the 

falsehood  of  the  universal. 

4.  The  falsehood  of  the  universal  does  not  infer 

the  falsehood  of  the  particular. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  first  and  third  ? 
A.  If  the  predicate  contain  (or  exclude)  the  whole 
extension  of  the  subject,  it  must  contain  (or  exclude) 
a  part ;  and  on  the  other  hand,  if  it  be  false  that  part 
of  the  extension  of  the  subject  is  contained  in  (or  ex- 
cluded from)  the  extension  of  the  predicate,  it  must 
be  false  that  the  whole  is  contained  (or  excluded). 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  second  and  fourth  ? 

A.  Though  it  be  true  that  the  predicate  contains  a 
part  of  the  extension  of  the  subject,  it  may  be  false 
that  it  contains  the  whole ;  and  on  the  other  hand, 
though  it  be  false  that  the  whole  subject  is  contained 
in  the  predicate,  yet,  it  may  be  true,  that  a  part  is 
contained  in  its  extension. 

Q.  What  practical  lule  is  derived  from  these 
axioms  ? 

A.  That  an  argument  from  a  particular  to  a  uni- 
versal is  invalid. 

Q.  Wliat  do  you  mean  by  this  rule  ? 

A.  That  any  argument  from  a  term  taken  in  part  of 
its  extension,  to  the  same  term  taken  in  the  whole  of 
its  extension,  is  invalid. 

Q.  Why  do  you  lay  such  stress  on  the  word  term  ? 

A.  To  shew  that  the  rule  has  no  reference  to  pro- 
positions, for  in  the  third  canon  of  subalternation  we 
legitimately  reason  from  a  particular  projjosition  to  a 
universal. 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  41 


CHAPTER  X. 

Conversion. 

Q.  What  is  conversion  ? 

A.  The  legitimate  inference  of  one  proposition  from 
another,  by  the  transposition  of  the  terms.  The  ori- 
ginal proposition  is  called  the  convertend,  that  de- 
duced from  it  the  converse. 

Q.  How  many  species  of  conversion  are  there  ? 

A.  Three;  simple  conversion,  in  which  the  con- 
verse preserves  the  quantity  and  quality  of  the  con- 
vertend ;  conversion  per  accidens,  in  which  the  quan^ 
tity  is  diminished  but  the  quality  preserved;  and 
conversion  by  contraposition,  in  which  the  quality  is 
changed. 

Q.  How  are  thes«  species  of  conversion  used  ? 

A.  Universal  negatives,  and  particular  affirma- 
tives, are  converted  simply;  universal  affirmatives 
are  converted  2)er  accidens ;  particular  negatives  can 
only  be  converted  by  contraposition ;  and,  as  this 
species  is  rarely  used,  they  are  generally  said  to  be 
incapable  of  conversion. 

Q.  In  what  manner  are  these  facta  usually  stated 
by  logicians  ? 

A.        A  is  converted  into  I, 
E  is  converted  into  E, 
I  is  converted  into  I, 
O  is  not  converted.     (See  Chap.  VI.) 

Q.  In  what  manner  can  you  prove  that  A  is  con- 
verted into  I ? 

A.  The  assertion  of  a  universal  affirmative  is  that 


22  CATBCHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

the  entire  extension  of  the  subject  forms  part  of  the 
extension  of  the  predicate,  from  -whence  it  manifestly 
follows  that  a  part  of  the  individuals  contained  in  the 
extension  of  the  predicate  is  the  same  as  those  con- 
tained in  the  extension  of  the  subject;  but  no  infer- 
ence can  be  made  respecting  the  entire  extension  of 
the  predicate,  consequently  the  subject  of  the  con- 
verse must  be  particular  and  the  converse  itself 
affirmative. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  that  E  is  converted  into  E I 

A.  The  assertion  of  a  negative  proposition  is  that 
the  extension  of  the  subject  is  excluded  from  the 
entire  extension  of  the  predicate  and  from  all  its 
parts ;  consequently  the  whole  extension  of  the  pre- 
dicate is  totally  different  from  the  extension  of  the 
subject,  therefore,  the  subject  of  the  converse  is 
universal,  and  the  converse  negative. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  that  I  is  converted  into  I  ? 

A.  The  assertion  of  a  particular  affirmative  is,  that 
part  of  the  extension  of  the  subject  agrees  with  part 
of  the  extension  of  the  predicate  ;  consequent,  part  of 
the  extension  of  the  predicate  agrees  with  part  of  the 
extension  of  the  subject,  therefore,  the  converse  will 
be  particular  and  affirmative. 
'    Q.  Why  cannot  O  be  converted  ? 

A.  The  assertion  of  a  particular  negative  is,  that 
part  or  the  extension  of  the  subject  is  excluded  from 
the  extension  of  the  predicate.  This  may  be  the  case 
when  the  extension  of  the  predicate  is  contained  in 
extension  of  the  subject,  as  "some  animals  are  not 
men;"  or  when  the  extension  of  the  predicate  is  ex- 
cluded from  the  extension  of  the  subject,  as  '*  some 
men  are  not  stones,"  or  finally  when  it  is  partly  con- 


CATECHISM    or   LOGIC.  23 

tained,  and  partly  excluded,  as  "  some  men  are  not 
white ;"  therefore,  in  a  particular  negative,  there  is 
nothing  by  which  the  quantity  and  quality  of  the  con- 
verse can  be  determined. 

Q.  \^1lat  is  the  peculiarity  of  conversion  by  con- 
traposition ? 

A.  In  this  species  of  conversion  the  contradictions 
of  the  terms  are  substituted  for  the  terms  themselves; 
thus,  ''  every  man  is  an  animal,"  becomes,  **  what- 
ever is  not  an  animal  is  not  a  man." 

Q.  Are  there  no  means  by  which  a  particular  nega- 
tive maybe  converted? 

A.  It  may  be  converted  by  contraposition,  or  what 
is  virtually  the  same,  by  joining  the  negative  particle 
to  the  predicate,  and  considering  the  proposition  as  a 
particular  affirmative  ;  thus,  "  some  animals  are  not 
rational  beings,"  may  be  converted  into  *'  some  not 
rational  beings  are  animals." 

Q.  Vv'hen  does  a  universal  affirmative  appear  sus- 
ceptible of  simple  conversion? 

A.  When  the  terras  are  reciprocal ;  but  this  is  not 
legitimate  conversion,  as  the  converse  is  not  deducted 
from  the  convertend. 

Q.  What  changes  are  made  in  conversion  by  con- 
traposition ? 

A.        A  is  converted  into  E, 
E  is  converted  into  I , 
I  is  not  converted, 
O  is  converted  into  I, 
as  easily  appears  from  the  proofs  of  the  other  species 
of  conversion  given   in  the  commencement  of  this 
chapter. 


24  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 


CHAFIER  XI, 


Opposition, 

Q,  What  is  opposition  ? 

A.  Opposition  is  the  disagreement  in  quahty  be- 
tween two  propositions,  having  the  same  subject  and 
the  same  predicate. 

Q.  How  many  species  of  opposition  are  there  ? 

A.  Three ;  contradiction,  contrariety,  and  sub- 
contrariety, 

Q.  What  is  contradiction? 

A,  It  is  the  opposition  between  a  universal  and 
particular,  or  between  two  singulars.  Of  contradict 
tories,  one  is  always  true  and  the  other  false. 

Q.  Prove  the  canon  of  contradiction. 

A.  If  the  matter  of  the  proposition  be  necessary, 
the  affirmative  v/ill  be  true  and  the  negative  false  ;  if 
impossible,  the  negative  will  be  true  and  the  affirma- 
tive false ;  if  contingent,  the  universal  will  be  false  and 
the  particular  true.  In  singular  propositions  it  is 
evident  that  the  same  attribute  cannot  agree  and  dis- 
agree with  the  same  thing  at  the  same  time. 

Q.  What  is  contrariety? 

A.  The  opposition  between  two  univexsals.  Of 
contraries  both  may  be  true,  but  both  cannot  be 
false. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  canon  of  contrariety  ? 

A.  In  necessary  matter,  the  affirmative  will  be  tnie 
and  the  negative  false  ;  in  impossible  matter,  the  ne- 
gative will  be  true  and  the  affirmative  false ;  in  con- 
tingent matter,  both  will  be  false. 

Q.  You  said  in  Chap.  YI.  that  singular  proposi- 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  25 

tions  are  reduced  to  the  class  of  universals,  why  then 
is~the  opposition  between  singular  propositions  reck- 
oned a  part  of  contrariety  ? 

A.  Because  that  would  violate  the  canon  of  con- 
trariety, for  singular  opposites  cannot  both  be  false. 

Q.  What  is  subcontrariety  ? 

A.  The  opposition  between  two  particulars;  sub- 
contraries  may  be  both  true,  but  cannot  both  be 
false. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  canon  of  subcontrariety? 

A.  If  the  matter  of  the  proposition  be  necessary, 
the  aOirmative  is  true  and  the  hegative  false;  if  im- 
possible, the  negative  is  true  and  the  affirmative  false ; 
if  contingent,  both  are  true. 

Q.  What  objection  is  there  to  subcontrariety,  as  a 
legitimate  species  of  opposition  ? 

A.  The  subjects  of  the  subcontrary  opposites  may 
be  different  parts  of  the  extension  of  the  term,  and, 
thus,  though  apparently  the  same,  be  really  different. 

Q.  When  Vv'ill  this  certainly  be  the  case  ? 

A.  When  the  subcontrariea  arc  true,  for  the  same 
attribute  cannot  agree  and  disagree  with  the  same 
thing  at  the  same  time. 

Q.  Can  you  shew  that  when  contraries  are  false, 
subcontraries  will  be  true  ? 

A.  Contraries  are  A  and  E,  by  hypothesis  they  are 
both  false,  therefore  their  contradictions,  O  and  I  (by 
the  canon  of  contradiction)  must  be  both  true,  but 
these  are  subcontraries. 


26  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

CHAPTER  XII. 

Definition  and  Division. 

Q.  How  many  kinds  of  definition  are  there  ? 

A.  Two ;  definition  of  a  name,  or  of  a  thing. 

Q.  What  is  the  definition  of  a  name  ? 

A.  The  explanation  of  a  word  which  was  before 
imknouTi,  as  "  Algebra  signijies  the  art  of  computing 
by  symbols." 

Q.  How  can  you  best  judge  of  the  truth  in  any 
definition  of  a  name? 

A.  By  substituting  the  definition  for  the  word  in 
any  given  sentence,  and  thus  seeing  whether  it  will 
bear  the  signification  under  all  circumstances. 

Q.  What  is  the  definition  of  a  thing  ? 

A.  It  is  a  proposition  explaining  what  any  thing  is. 

Q.  What  are  the  laws  of  a  perfect  definition  ? 

A.  1.  It  must  be  adequate,  that  is,  it  must  con- 
tain the  whole  thing  defined  and  nothing  more. 
2.  It  must  be  clear,  so  as  to  make  the  nature  of  the 
thing  defined  intelligible. 

Q.  Of  what  does  a  perfect  logical  definition  con- 
sist ? 

A.  Of  the  proximate  genus  and  essential  difference. 
Such  a  definition  will  always  be  adequate,  for  the 
genus  contains  the  entire  thing  defined,  and  the  essen- 
tial difterence  excludes  every  thing  else ;  but  it  will 
not  always  be  clear,  for  the  genus  may  need  definition 
as  much  as  the  species. 

Q.  What  is  an  imperfect  definition  called  ? 

A.  It  is  properly  termed  a  description. 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  27 

Q.  How  many  kinds  of  description  are  there  ? 

A.  Two.  1.  A  proposition  declaring  the  nature  of  a 
thing,  imperfectly  by  essential  attributes.  2.  By  non- 
essential attributes,  as  **  man  is  a  two-legged  feather- 
less  animal.  ^" 

Q.  How  many  species  of  division  are  there  ? 

A.  Tv/o  ;  division  of  a  name,  and  division  of  a 
thing. 

Q.  What  is  division  of  a  name  ? 

A.  The  enumeration  of  the  meanings  of  an  ambi- 
guous word  or  a  doubtful  sentence. 

Q.  What  is  the  division  of  a  thing  ? 

A.  The  distribution  of  a  whole  into  its  parts. 

Q.  Is  not  the  vford whole  ambiguous? 

A.  Yes,  it  may  mean  either  a  universal  whole  or  an 
integrant  whole. 

Q.  What  do  you  mean  by  a  universal  whole  ? 

A.  That  whose  name  is  a  universal  term  ;  if  it  be  a 
genus,  its  parts  are  species ;  if  it  be  a  species,  its  parts 
are  individuals;  in  either  case  the  parts  are  called 
subjective. 

Q.  Why  are  they  named  subjective  ? 

A.  Because  they  may  be  the  subjects  of  affirmative 
propositions,  of  which  the  whole  would  be  the  pre- 
dicate, and  also  because  they  are  placed  under  it 


^  This  notable  attempt  at  definition  boasts  of  a  not  less 
respectable  author  than  Plato :  it  was  practically  refuted  by 
Diogenes,  who  presented  himself  in  the  academy  where  Plato 
was  lecturing,  and  taking  from  under  his  cloak  acock,  which 
he  had  stripped  of  its  feathers,  threw  it  on  the  ground,  ex- 
claiming, *'  There's  Plato's  man  for  you  !" 
D   2 


23  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

(subjecta  sunt)  in  the  predicamental  line.  (See 
Chap.  V.) 

Q.  What  do  you  mean  by  an  integrant  whole  ? 

A.  Any  entire  individual  thing,  as  a  nation  whose 
integrant  parts  are  provinces,  a  man  whose  integrant 
parts  are  body,  head,  members,  &c.  The  division  of 
an  integrant  whole,  is  commonly  called  partition. 

Q.  Have  we  had  any  instance  in  this  work,  of  the 
same  thing  divided  universally  and  integrantly  ? 

A.  Yes;  propositions  as  universal  wholes  are  di- 
vided into  simple  and  compound,  universal  and  parti- 
cular, &c. ;  but  as  an  integrant  whole,  a  proposition 
is  divided  into  subject  and  predicate. 


CHAPTER  XHi. 

Compound,  Hypothetic,  and  Modal  Propositions* 

Q.  How  many  species  of  compound  propositions 
are  there  ? 

A.  Tw^o ;  those  compounded  in  words  and  those 
compounded  in  sense. 

Q.  \Miich  are  the  most  remarkable  kinds  of  pro- 
positions compounded  in  words  ? 

A.  Copulatives  and  disjunctives. 

Q.  What  is  a  copulative  proposition  ? 

A.  A  proposition  containing  several  subjects,  or 
several  predicates,  or  both  connected  together  by  a 
copulative  particle,  as  Aristotle  was  the  preceptor  of 
Alexander  the  (}reat,  and  the  inventor  of  logic. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  tiTith  of  a  copulative  propo- 
sition depend  ? 

A.  On  the  truth  of  all  the  parts  separately. 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  29 

Q.  Into  how  many  parts  may  a  copulative  pro- 
position be  resolved  ? 

A.  As  many  as  there  are  subjects  multiplied  by  the 
number  of  predicates,  for  each  predicate  may  be 
asserted  of  each  subject. 

Q.  Is  there  not  a  species  of  copulative  proposition 
in  which  something  more  than  the  mere  truth  of  the 
parts  is  required  ? 

A.  Yes;  in  an  adversative  proposition  there  must 
be  an  apparent  opposition  between  the  parts,  or  it  will 
be  nonsensical. 

Q.  What  is  an  adversative  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  one  of  the  adversative  particles, 
"  but,  yet,  although,"  &c.  occurs,  as  "  though  he 
were  wounded,  yet  did  he  not  complain."  Every 
person  perceives  that  it  would  be  nonsense  to  say 
*'  though  he  were  gratified  yet  did  he  not  complain." 

Q.  WTiat  must  be  the  species  of  opposition  between 
the  parts  of  an  adversative  proposition  ? 

A.  Subcontrariety ;  if  it  were  either  of  the  other 
species  ;  the  parts  woidd  not  be  true.   (See  Chap.  XI,) 

Q.  What  is  a  disjunctive  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  subject  is  said  to  be  contained 
in  one  of  two  or  more  predicates  ;  these  predicates 
are  in  fact  the  parts  of  some  whole,  and  on  their  per- 
fect enumeration  the  truth  of  the  disjunctive  depends  ; 
as  "  it  is  either  spring,  summer,  autumn,  or  winter,'* 
where  the  four  predicates  enumerate  all  the  varieties 
of  season,  (See  the  subject  of  division  in  the  pre- 
ceding chapter). 

Q.  Which  are  the  principal  kinds  of  propositions 
compounded  in  sense? 

A.  Exclusives,  exceptives,  and  inceptives  or 
D  3 


30  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

(lesitives ;  tliey  are  called  by  a  common  name  cx- 
ponibles. 

Q.  Why  are  they  named  exponibles  ? 

A.  Because  they  want  exposition  to  point  out  their 
latent  composition. 

Q.  What  is  an  exclusive  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  predicate  is  said  to  agree 
with  the  subject  alone,  all  others  being  excluded,  as 
'*  virtue  alone  is  true  nobility."  This  is  resolved  into 
two  parts  ;  1.  the  predicate  agrees  with  the  subject. 
2.  It  disagrees  with  every  thing  else. 

Q.  What  is  an  exceptive  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  predicate  is  said  to  agree 
with  the  subject,  a  part  being  excepted.  It  is  re- 
solved into  two:  1.  the  predicate  does  not  agree  with 
the  excepted  part ;  2.  it  agrees  with  all  the  rest. 

0.  Are  not  exclusives  and  exceptives  very  similar  ? 

A.  Yes ;  they  merely  differ  in  the  form  of  expres- 
sion. 

Q.  How  may  an  exclusive  be  changed  into  an  ex- 
ceptive ? 

A.  By  making  the  subject  of  the  exclusive  the 
excepted  part  of  the  exceptive,  and  changing  the  qua- 
lity. 

Q.  What  is  an  inceptive  or  desitive  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  something  is  said  to  begin  or 
end.  It  is  resolved  into  two  :  1.  stating  the  condition 
before  the  change ;  2.  the  effect  of  the  alteration. 

Q.  By  what  common  name  are  all  the  kinds  of 
propositions  hitherto  mentioned  known  ? 

A.  They  are  called  direct  or  categorical  proposi- 
tions, because  they  contain  a  direct  assertion. 

Q.  Are  there  any  other  species  ? 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  31 

A.  Yes ;  the  assertion  may  he  stated  in  the  form 
of  a  supposition  as  in  hypothetics  ;  the  extent  of  the 
connection  hetween  the  subject  and  predicate  may 
depend  on  the  connection  between  some  other  subject 
and  predicate,  as  in  comparatives;  besides  the  fact  of 
connection  between  the  subject  and  predicate,  there 
may  be  a  qualifying  assertion  stating  the  mode  or 
manner  of  connection  as  in  the  JModal  propositions. 

Q.  What  is  a  hypothetic  proposition  ? 

A.  Two  or  more  categorical  propositions  united  by 
the  hypothetic  conjunction  "  if;"  it  has  commonly 
an  iUatlve  force,  that  is,  the  latter  part  is  said  to  be  the 
consequence  of  the  preceding,  as  '*if  a  triangle  be 
isosceles,  the  angles  at  its  base  are  equal." 

Q  .What  are  the  parts  of  an  hypothetic  proposition  ? 

A.  The  antecedent,  which  contains  the  supposition, 
and  the  consequent,  which  states  the  inference  to  be 
deduced  from  that  supposition. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  truth  of  a  hypothetic  pro- 
position depend  ? 

A.  On  the  validity  of  the  inference  of  the  conse- 
quent from  the  antecedent.  There  is  no  truth  requi- 
site in  the  separate  categorical  propositions,  for  they 
may  be  true,  and  the  h)i-)othetic  false,  as  "  if  the 
moon  be  spherical,  it  revolves  round  the  earth ;"  or 
the  parts  may  be  false  and  the  hypothetic  true,  as  **if 
the  moon  shone  by  its  own  light,  it  would  always 
appear  with  a  spherical  disc." 

Q.  Is  there  not  another  species  of  proposition 
sometimes  included  under  hypothetics  ? 

yl.  Disjunctive  propositions,  which  have  been  al- 
ready mentioned,  are  by  some  logicians  considered  a 
species  of  hypothetics  j  so  also  are  causals,  they  are  in 


32  CATECHISM   OF   LOGIC. 

form  the  reverse  of  hypothetics,  for  the  preceding  part 
is  said  to  be  the  consequence  of  what  follows;  as 
**  the  moon  has  various  phases,  because  she  shines 
with  the  reflected  light  of  the  sun." 

Q.  In  what  other  respect  do  causals  differ  from 
hypothetics  ? 

A.  The  truth  of  the  parts  is  necessary  to  the  tnith 
of  a  causal  proposition. 

Q.  What  is  a  comparative  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  a  comparison  is  instituted,  as 
"  Cicero  was  as  eloquent  a  speaker  as  Demosthenes ;" 
from  the  assertion  of  such  a  proposition,  nothing  can 
be  determined  categorically  of  the  parts,  for  I  may 
say  "  Tuqjin  was  as  honest  as  his  associates,"  though 
there  was  not  a  particle  of  honesty  among  them. 

Q.  What  is  a  modal  proposition  ? 

A,  That  in  which  a  mode  or  qualification  of  the 
assertion  occurs,  as  "  it  will  probably  rain  to-day," 
*'  human  society  is  necessarily  held  together  bylaws." 

Q.  What  are  the  parts  of  a  modal  proposition  ? 

A.  The  assertion  and  the  mode;  and  when  a  modal 
proposition  is  considered  as  simple,  the  assertion 
becomes  the  subject,  and  the  mode  the  predicate. 
In  this  view  the  examples  quoted,  should  be  more 
properly  expressed, 

subject  predicate 

**  That  it  will  rain  to-day,    is    a  probable  thing;" 

subject 

**  That  human  society  should  be  held  together  bylaw," 

jjredicaie 
is  a  necessary  thing. 

Q.  How  many  modes  were  recognized  by  the  old 
logicians  ? 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  3S 

A.  Only  four ;  necessary,  impossible,  possible,  and 
contingent. 
Q.  How  did  tliey  define  these  modes  ? 
A.  Necessary,  that  which  is  and  must  be. 

Impossible,  that  which  is  not  and  cannot  be. 
Contingent,  that  which  is  and  may  not  be. 
Possible,  that  which  is  not  but  may  be. 
Q.  How  have  these  modes  been  extended  by  mo* 
dern  logicians  ? 

A.  IModern  -smters  on  logic  consider  every  thing  a 
mode  which  qualifies  the  nature  or  extent  of  the  con- 
nection between  the  subject  and  predicate. 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

Reasoninf/  and  Syllogism. 

Q.  What  is  reasoning  ? 

A.  The  inference  of  one  judgment  from  several. 

Q.  What  is  reasoning,  when  expressed  in  words, 
called  ? 

A.  Argumentation. 

Q.  What  is  the  most  usual  species  of  reasoning  ? 

A.  The  inference  of  one  judgment  from  two. 

Q.  By  what  name  do  logicians  call  this  species  of 
reasoning,  when  expressed  in  words  ? 

A.  They  term  it  a  syllogism. 

Q.  How  then  do  you  define  a  syllogism  ? 

A.  The  inference  of  one  proposition  from  two. 

Q.  Wliat  is  the  usual  process  by  which  a  'syllogism 
is  formed  ? 

A.  When  in  argumentation  a  proposition  occurs, 
respecting  the  agreement  or  disagreement  of  whose 
subject  and  predicate,  a  doubt  is  entertained,  it  is  (for 
the  most  part)  reduced  into  a  simple  categorical  form 


34  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

and  termed  the  question,  as,  for  instance,  "  whether 
the  earth  be  a  globe?"  In  order  to  determine  the 
connection  between  the  terms  of  this  question,  they 
are  each  compared  with  some  third  term  ;  sui)i)ose  in 
this  instance,  with  the  nature  of  the  shadow  which 
they  cast,  and  from  their  relation  to  this  third  term, 
their  mutual  connection  is  inferred.  This  inference 
is  called  the  conclusion,  which  has  manifestly  the  same 
tenns  as  the  question,  and  only  differs  from  it  in  hav- 
ing a  determinate  quality. 

Q.  How  many  terms  are  there,  consequently,  in  a 
simple  syllogism  r 

A.  Three ;  the  terms  of  the  question  (or  conclu- 
sion) which  are  called  extremes,  and  the  term  with 
which  they  are  compared,  usually  denominated  the 
middle  term. 

Q.  How  are  the  extremes  distinguished  ? 

A.  The  subject  of  the  question  (or  conclusion)  is 
called  the  minor  term,  and  the  predicate  is  deno- 
minated the  major  term. 

Q.  WTiy  have  they  received  these  names  ? 

A.  Because  in  a  universal  affirmative  proposition, 
which  logicians  consider  the  most  perfect  and  usefid, 
the  predicate  has  always  as  great,  and  for  the  most 
part  greater  extension  than  the  subject ;  it  is,  there- 
fore, termed  Major,  (greater)  and  the  subject  is  called 
Minor,  (lessj. 

Q.  Is  there  any  other  reason  for  selecting  a  univer- 
sal affirmative  besides  its  utility  ? 

A.  That  is  the  only  species  of  proposition  in  which 
the  relative  extension  of  the  terms  can  be  determined, 
for  in  both  the  species  of  negatives,  (E  and  O)  the 
extension  of  the  subject  being  excluded  from  that  of 
the  predicate,  no  comparison  can  be  instituted  be- 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  35 

tween  them ;  and  in  particular  affirmatives,  (I),  the 
subject  and  predicate  being  both  taken  only  in  part 
of  their  extensions,  nothing  can  be  determined  respect- 
ing the  entire  extension  of  these  terms. 

Q.  You  have  said  that  a  syllogism  contains  only 
three  terms,  and  yet  that  it  consists  of  three  propo- 
sitions ;  how  are  these  propositions  formed  : 

A.  Each  term  is  twice  repeated ;  in  the  first,  the 
extreme  major  is  compared  with  the  middle;  this  is, 
therefore,  called  the  major  proposition;  in  the  se- 
cond, the  minor  extreme  is  compared  with  the  middle, 
and  the  proposition  is  termed  the  minor  ;  in  the  con- 
clusion, the  extremes  are  compared  together. 

Q.  \Yhat  common  name  have  the  major  and  minor 
propositions  ? 

A.  They  are  called  premises. 

Q.  Give  an  example  of  a  syllogism  and  its  parts  ? 

A.  Major  premises  : 

middle  term 

Everybody  that  in  every  position  casts  a  circular  shadow, 

major  term 
is     a  globe. 

minor  term 
iMinor  premises :      The  earth     is, 
middle  term 
A  body  that  in  every  position  casts  a  circular  shadow. 

minor  term         major  term 
Conclusion.   Therefore,   The  earth  is,  a  globe. 
Q.  What  species  of  matter  are  syllogisms  said  to 
have  ? 

A.  Two  kinds;  proximate  and  remote. 
Q.  What  is  the  proximate  matter  of  a  syllogism  ? 
A.  The  propositions  which  compose  the  syllogism, 
viz.  the  premises  and  conclusion. 


3G  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC, 

Q.  What  is  the  remote  matter  of  a  syllogism  ? 
A.  The  terms  of  which  the  propositions  are  com- 
posed, viz.  the  extremes  and  the  middle  term. 


CHAPTER  XV. 

Form  and  Figure  of  Sijlloyisms. 

Q.  What  property  have  syllogisms  with  respect  to 
their  proximate  matter  ? 

A.  Form. 

Q.  What  is  the  form  of  a  sj'llogisin  ? 

A.  The  proper  arrangement  of  the  premises,  so  as 
to  point  out  the  necessary  inference  of  the  conclusion. 

Q.  \Miat  is  the  usual  form  of  a  syllogism  ? 

A.  The  major  proposition  is  generally  placed  first, 
as  in  the  example  given  in  the  preceding  chapter. 

Q.  What  property  have  syllogisms  with  respect  to 
their  remote  matter  ? 

A.  Figure, 

Q.  On  what  do  the  varieties  of  figure  depend  ? 

A.  On  the  position  of  the  middle  term  in  the  pve- 
niises. 

Q.  How  many  varieties  of  figure  are  there  ? 

A.  Four;  because  the  middle  term  may  have  four 
difiercnt  positions  in  the  premises. 

Q.  What  position  does  the  middle  term  hold  in 
the  first  figure  ? 

A.  It  is  the  su])ject  of  the  major,  and  the  predicate 
of  the  minor,  as  in  the  example  given  in  the  })receding 
chapter. 

Q.  What  is  the  position  of  the  middle  term  in  the 
second  figure  ? 

A.  It  is  the  ])redicate  of  1)oth  i^remises  ;  as 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  3/ 

major  term 
No  body  that  has  not  less  specific  gravity  than  itself 
middle  term 
can    revohe  round  the  earth  ; 
minor  term  middle  term 

The  moon    revolves  round  the  earth ; 

Therefore, 
The  moon  has  less  specific  gravity  than  the  earth. 

Q.  What  is  the  position  of  the  middle  term  in  the 
third  figure  ? 

A.  It  is  the  subject  of  both  premises;  as 
middle  term 

Those  celestial  objects,  which  change  their  relative 

major  term 

positions,    are    planets ; 

middle  term  minor  term 

Such    changes  of  position    are  seen  among   the  stars ; 
Therefore,  *'  Some  of  the  stars  are  planets." 

Q.  What  is  the  position  of  the  middle  term  in  the 
fourth  figure  ? 

A.  It  is  the  predicate  of  the  major,  and  the  subject 
of  the  minor ;  on  account  of  the  unnatural  position  of 
its  terms,  it  was  not  recognised  by  Aristotle;  Imt  being 
subsequently  introduced  by  Galen,  it  is  sometimes 
termed  the  (lalenic  figure.  As  it  rarely  occurs  in 
practice,  there  is  no  necessity  of  giving  an  examjile. 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

General  Rules  of  Syllogisms. 
Q.  On  what  axioms  was  the  doctrine  of  syllogisms 
founded  before  the  time  of  xVristotle  ^  ? 


^  Aristotle's  doctrine  of  syllogisms  will  be  found  in  Chap. 
XIX. 

F, 


3S  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

A.  On  tlie  three  following : — 

1.  If  two  things  agree  with  one  and  the  same  third, 
they  agree  with  each  other. 

2.  If  of  two  things  one  agree  and  the  other  dis- 
agree with  the  tliird,  they  disagree  with  each  other. 

3.  If  neither  agree  with  the  third,  no  inference  can 
l)e  deduced, 

Q.  How  many  general  rules  of  syllogisms  are  there  ? 
A.  Six:    1.  The   middle   cannot    be    taken  twice 
particularly,  but  must  be  at  least  once  universal. 

2.  An  extreme  cannot  be  taken  more  universally 
in  the  conclusion  than  in  the  premises. 

3.  From  two  affirmative  premises  a  negative  con- 
clusion does  not  follow. 

4.  From  two  negative  premises  nothing  follov/s. 

5.  The  conclusion  follows  the  weaker  part;  that 
is,  if  one  premise  be  negaLive,  the  ■  conclusion  will  be 
negative ;  and  if  one  premise  be  particular,  the  con- 
clusion will  be  particular. 

6.  From  two  particulars  nothing  follows. 
Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  first  rule  ? 

A.  If  the  middle  were  taken  twice  particularly,  it 
might  be  taken  for  different  parts  of  the  same  uni- 
versal whole,  and  thus  there  would  be  in  fact  two 
middle  terms ;  but  it  appears,  from  the  axioms,  that 
the  extremes  should  be  compared  with  one  and  the 
same  third. 

Q.  Is  not  this  rule  veiy  frequently  violated  by  in- 
accurate rer.soners  ? 

A.  None  more  so;  because  the  similarity  in  sound 
prevents  us  from  immediately  perceiving  the  dis- 
similarity in  sense,  when  an  ambiguous  or  undis- 
tributed middle  is  used ;  thus,  in  the  common  jest ; 


CATECHISM    or    LOGIC.  30 

Whoever  says  you're  an  animal,  says  true  ; 
Whoever  says  you're  a  goose,  says  you're  an  animal ; 
Therefore,  whoever  says  you're  a  goose,  says  true. 
The  fallacy  lies  in  the  middle  term,  "  animal,"  being 
taken  in  only  part  of  its  extension  in  both  the  pre- 
mises, viz.  only  so  m.uch  in  the  major  as  agrees  with 
the  term,  man ;  and  so  much  in  the  minor  as  agrees 
with  the  term,  goose.  (Though  the  instance  given 
be  rather  ludicrous,  yet  it  will  aid  the  learner  in  the 
detection  of  similar  fallacies  on  m-ore  important  occa- 
sions.) 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  second  general  rule  ? 

A.  If  an  extreme  were  taken  more  universally  in 
the  conclusion  than  in  the  premises,  we  should  argue 
from  a  particular  to  a  universal,  contrary  to  the  rule 
established  in  Chap.  IX. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  third  general  rule  ? 

A.  If  there  be  but  one  middle,  both  extremes  agree 
with  it,  and  cannot  therefore  disagree  with  each  other; 
if  there  be  two  middle  terms  tlie  axioms  are  violated. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  fourth  general  rule  ? 

A.  It  follows  immediately  from  the  third  axiom. 

Q.  Into  how  many  parts  is  the  fifth  general  rule 
divided  ? 

A.  Two  :  first,  if  one  premise  be  negative,  the  con- 
clusion will  be  negative,  which  follows  immediately 
from  the  second  axiom ;  2dly.  If  one  premise  be  par- 
ticular, the  conclusion  will  be  particular. 

Q.  How  is  the  second  part  proved  ? 

yi.  If  both  premises  be  affirmative,  there  can  be 

only  one  universal  tenn  in  the  premises  (Chap.  VIII.)> 

and  that,  by  the  first  general  rule,  must  be  the  middle 

tenn ;  therefore,  the  minor  term,  being  particular  in 

E  2 


40  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

the  premises,  must,  by  the  second  general  rule,  be 
jiarticular  in  the  conclusion,  where  it  is  the  subject, 
and  therefore  renders  the  conclusion  particular. 

If  one  of  the  premises  be  negative,  the  conclusion, 
by  the  first  part  of  this  rule,  must  be  negative,  and 
its  predicate  consequently  universal  (Chap.  VIII.) ; 
in  this  case,  there  can  be  only  two  universal  terms  in 
the  premises,  one  of  which  must  be  the  middle,  and 
the  other  the  major  (first  and  second  general  rules) ; 
therefore,  the  minor  being  particular  in  the  premises, 
will  be  also  particular  in  the  conclusion,  where  it  is 
the  subject,  and  consequently  renders  the  conclusion 
particular. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  sixth  general  rule  ? 

A.  If  both  premises  ])e  affirmative,  there  will  be 
no  universal  term  in  the  premises,  and  therefore  the 
middle  will  be  taken  twice  particularly,  contrary  to 
the  first  general  rule.  If  one  premise  be  negative,  the 
conclusion  will  be  negative,  and  therefore  its  pre- 
dicate universal ;  but  in  this  case  there  can  be  only 
one  universal  term  in  the  premises ;  therefore,  either 
the  middle  must  be  taken  twice  particularly,  contrary 
to  the  first  general  rule,  or  the  major  extreme  must 
be  taken  more  universally  in  the  conclusion  than  in 
the  i)remises,  contrary  to  the  second. 


CHAPTER  XVII. 

Modes  and  special  rides. 

Q.  What  is  the  mode  of  a  syllogism  ? 

//.  The  legitimate  determination  of  the  proi)ositions 
in  a  syllogism,  according  to  their  quantity  and  quality. 

Q.  What  do  you  mean  by  the  special  rules  of  a  syl- 
logism ? 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGiC,  41 

A.  Tho^e  rules  which  are  peculiar  to  any  bingle 
ligure. 

Q,  How  may  we  determine  the  rules  which  are 
special  to  the  first  figure  ? 

A.  The  conclusion  must  be  either  affinnative  or 
negative.  If  it  be  affirmative,  both  premises,  and 
therefore  the  minor,  must  be  affirmative;  but  the 
middle  terra,  which,  in  this  case,  is  predic?.te  of  the 
minor,  will  be  particular,  and  therefore  must  be  uni- 
versal in  the  major,  where  it  is  the  subject,  and  con- 
sequently renders  the  major  universal. 

If  the  conclusion  be  negative,  its  predicate,  the 
major  term,  wiU  be  universal,  and  must  consequently 
have  the  same  quantity  in  the  major  premise;  but  in 
the  major  premise,  it  is  the  predicate  :  therefore,  the 
major  must  be  negative,  and  the  minor  affirmative  ; 
consequently,  its  predicate,  the  middle  term,  will  be 
particular  in  the  minor,  and  therefore  universal  in 
the  major,  where  it  is  the  subject,  and  consequently 
renders  the  major  universal. 

Q.  V»'hat  special  rules  for  the  first  figure  are  de- 
duced from  tliis  analysis  ? 

A.  1.  The  major  must  be  universal. 
2.  The  minor  m-ust  be  affirmative. 

Q.  What  are  the  legitimate  modes  of  the  first 
figure  established  by  the  same  analysis  ? 

A.  Four;  as  follow  :  — 

1.  2.  3.  4. 
IMajor  premise  A  E  A  E 
I\Iinor  premise  A  A  I  I 
Conclusion  A      E       I       O     (See  Chap.  YL). 

Which,  for  the  sake  of  memory,  are  formed  into  the 
mnemonic  word,  Barbara,  Cekrent,  Darii,  Ferio. 
£  3 


42  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

Q.  I  low  do  you  investigate  the  special  rules  of  the 
second  figure  ? 

A.  As  the  middle  term  is  predicate  of  both  pre- 
mises, one  of  them  must  be  negative  (first  general 
rule),  and  the  conclusion  must  also  be  negative  (fifth 
general  rule) ;  consequently,  the  major  term,  as  pre- 
dicate of  the  conchision,  will  be  universal,  and  must 
therefore  (second  general  rule)  have  the  same  quan- 
tity in  the  major  premise,  where  it  is  subject,  and 
therefore  renders  that  premise  universal. 

Q.  ^yhat  are  the  general  rules  deduced  from  this 
analysis  ? 

A.  1.  One  of  the  premises  must  be  negative : 
2.  The  major  must  be  universal. 

Q.  What  are  the  modes  of  the  second  figure  ac- 
cording to  this  analysis  ? 

A.  There  are  four: —   1. 

JMajor  premise         E 

IMinor  premise         A 

Conclusion  E 

Contained  in  the  technical  words,  Cc 

Festino,  Baroko. 

Q.  What  are  the  special  rules  of  the  third  figure? 

A.  It  can  he  shewn  by  tlie  same  analysis  as  in  tlie 
first  figure;  that  1.  the  minor  must  be  affirmative; 
and  since  the  minor  term  is  predicate  of  the  minor 
l)roposition,  it  must  be  particular,  and  therefore  the 
conclusion  will  be  particular. 

Q.  From  what  similarity  between  the  first  and  third 
figure  have  they  a  similar  rule  and  similarly  proved. 

A.  The  proof  in  both  instances  turns  on  the  i)o- 
sition  of  the  major  term  in  the  i)remises,  and  in  both 
it  is  the  predicate  of  the  major  proposition. 

Q.  How  many  modes  are  there  in  the  third  figure  ? 


2. 

4. 

A      !•: 

A 

E         I 

O 

E        <) 

O 

:1s,  Ccsare, 

CVmicstrcs, 

CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  43 


A.  There  are  six  : 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

IMajor  premise 

A 

E 

I 

A 

() 

E 

i\Iinor  premise 

A 

A 

A 

I 

A 

I 

Conclusion 

I 

0 

I 

I 

0 

(> 

Contained  in  the  mnemonic  words,  Daraptiy  Fekplan, 
Dkamh,  DoAhi,  Bokardo,  Fmson. 

Q.  What  are  the  special  rules  of  the  fourth  figure? 

A.  In  this  figure,  on  account  of  the  confused  po- 
sition of  the  terms,  all  the  rules  are  hypothetic :  by 
an  easy  analysis,  we  can  discover,  1.  that  in  negative 
modes  the  major  will  be  universal;  proved  like  the 
second  nile  of  the  second  figure  :  2.  that  if  the  minor 
be  affirmative,  the  conclusion  will  be  particular ; 
proved  as  the  second  rule  of  the  third  figure  :  and 
3.  if  the  major  be  jiarticular,  the  minor  must  be  ne- 
gative ;  for  the  middle  term  will  then  be  particular,  as 
subject  of  major;  therefore,  it  must  be  imiversal  in 
minor,  where  it  is  predicate,  and  consequently  will 
render  the  minor  negative. 

Q.  ^lay  not  the  rules  of  the  fourth  figure  ])e  other- 
wise expressed  ? 

A.  They  may  be  converted  by  contraposition,  and 
would  then  be  thus  expressed  : — 

1.  If  the  major  be  particular,   the  mode  will  be 

affirmative. 

2.  If  the  conclusion  be  universal,  the  minor  must 

be  negative. 

3.  If  the  minor  be  afiirmative,  tlie  major  must  be 

universal. 

Q.  May  not  the  rules  of  the  fourth  figiu-e  be  ex- 
pressed categorically  ? 

A.  Two  categorical  rules  are  easily  deduced  from 
the  hypothetics  already  given  : — 


44  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

1.  0  cannot  be  a  i)remise. 

2.  A  cannot  be  a  legitimate  conclusion. 

Q.  From  wliat  similarity  bet">veen  the  second  and 
fourth  figures  have  they  a  rule  similarly  proved  ? 

A.  The  proofs  of  the  first  rule  of  the  fourth  figure, 
and  the  second  of  the  second  figure,  depend  in  both 
on  the  position  of  the  major  term,  which  in  both  is 
the  predicate  of  the  major  proposition. 

Q.  From  what  similarity  between  the  third  and 
fourth  figures  have  they  a  rule  similarly  proved  ? 

A.  The  proofs  of  the  second  rules  of  the  third  and 
fourth  figure,  depend  in  both  on  the  position  of  the 
minor  term,  which  in  both  is  the  }iredicatc  of  the 
minor  proposition. 

Q.  What  are  the  modes  of  the  fourth  figure  ? 

^'.  There  are  five : —    1.         2.         3.        4.        5. 

Major  premise        A        A         I         E        E 

Minor  premise        A        E        A        A         I 

Conclusion  I         E         I         O        O 

For  which  the  mnemonic  words  are  Brwrnantip,  Ca- 

menes,  Dimaris,  Fesapo,  Fresison  ', 

Q.  Which  of  the  figures  is  the  most  perfect  ? 

A.  The  first,  for  in  that  alone  can  a  universal  af- 
firmative conclusion  be  deduced ;  in  the  second,  the 
conclusion  must  be  negative;  in  the  third,  particular; 
in  the  fourth,  either  negative  or  particular. 

1  Tlie  names  of  the  modes  are  included  in  the  following 
Latin  lines: — 

Barbara,  Celarent,  Darii,  Ferio  quoque  prima2, 
C'sare,  Camestres,  Festino,  Barolco  secundae ; 
Tcrtia  Darapti  sibi  vindicat  atque  Felaplon, 
Adjungens  Disamia,  Datist,  Bokardo,  Ferison  ; 
In  quaiia  Braviantip  sunt,  Carmeties,  DimarisqitCf 
Adjungens  semper  Fesapo  atque  Fresison, 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 


45 


<u        ;^  <; 


Z  o         SLi  ;:) 


M  -a 


'^     5     2 


< 
< 
< 
< 

_ 

o 

o 

<5 
< 

-<      i 

<  \ 

■    J 
< 

<    \ 

^ 

— 

t 
1 

< 

< 

< 

'  c 

c 

o 

< 
o 

<: 

o 

a 
I 

a    1 

O 
O 

-H 
>-^ 

a 

a 

1 

< 

< 
< 

o 

_ 
< 

< 

o 
_ 

- 

o 

1—1 

HI 

a 
a 

a 

< 

o 

-^ 

1 

„    ! 

«     : 

C" 

w     i 

^ 

1 

o 
o 

a    1 

1 

-3 

o 

o  • 
*  2 

o 

1 

1 

- 

a 
a 
< 
< 
< 
< 

c 
■■? 

a 
< 
o 

< 

< 

a 

< 

a 

n 

< 

Hi^ 

1— ( 

o 

o 

j  i 

a 

O 

.2 
o 

46  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

CHAPTER  XVIII. 

Further  Considerations  on  the  Modes  and  Figures. 

Q.  How  may  you  determine,  analytically,  that  A 
can  be  a  conclusion  in  the  first  figure  only  ? 

A.  Since  the  conckision  is  affirmative,  both  pre- 
mises must  be  affirmative,  and  since  it  is  also  uni- 
versal, its  subject,  the  minor  term,  must  be  universal 
in  the  minor  proposition  (second  general  rule) ;  the 
minor  term  must  therefore  be  the  subject  of  the 
minor  proposition,  and  the  middle  its  predicate,  and 
consequently  particular ;  the  middle  term  must  there- 
fore be  universal  in  the  major  proposition,  and  to  be 
so  must  be  its  subject :  hence  it  appears,  that  A  can 
be  a  conclusion  only  when  tlie  middle  is  the  predicate 
of  the  minor,  and  subject  of  the  major  propositions ; 
that  is,  in  the  first  figure. 

Q.  Is  there  any  proposition  restricted  as  a  premise  ? 

A.  O  can  be  a  minor  proposition  only  in  the  second 
figure,  and  a  major  only  in  the  third. 

Q.  Hov/  do  you  show,  analytically,  that  O,  as  a 
minor  premise,  is  restricted  to  the  second  figure  ? 

A.  Since  minor  premise  is  negative,  tlie  conclusion 
must  be  negative,  and  its  predicate  universal;  the 
major  term,  or  predicate  of  the  conclusion,  must 
therefore  be  universal  in  the  major  premise;  but 
since  the  minor  premise  is  negative,  the  major  must 
be  affirmative;  the  major  term  then  must  be  its  sub- 
ject, and  the  middle,  being  its  predicate.  Mall  be  par- 
ticular ;  it  must  therefore  be  universal  in  the  minor 
premise,  and  to  be  so,  must  be  its  predicate :  hence 
it  appears,  that  O  can  be  a  minor  premise  in  that 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  4^- 

figiire  only  which  has  the  middle  predicate  of  both, 
viz.  the  second. 

Q.  How  do  you  investigate  the  figure  in  which  O 
may  be  major  premise  ? 

A.  Since  one  of  the  premises  is  supposed  negative, 
the  conclusion  must  be  negative,  and  its  predicate, 
the  major  term,  universal;  this  term  must  be  uni- 
versal in  the  major  proposition,  which  is  supposed  to 
be  O,  and  therefore  must  be  its  predicate ;  the  middle 
term  then  being  particular,  subject  of  the  minor, 
must  be  universal  in  the  minor,  and  must  conse- 
quently hold  the  place  of  subject,  for  since  the  major 
is  negative,  the  minor  must  be  affirmative ;  O,  there- 
fore, can  only  be  a  major  proposition  in  the  figure 
where  the  middle  term  is  sul^ject  of  both  premises, 
viz.  the  third. 

Q.  Is  there  any  mode  peculiar  to  the  fourth  figure? 

A.  The  fourth  is  the  only  term  in  v/hich  an  extreme 
is  taken  more  universally  in  the  premises  than  in  the 
conclusion. 

Q.  What  is  the  only  extreme  so  taken  ? 

A.  The  major;  for  if  the  minor  be  universal  in 
the  premises,  it  maij  be  so  in  the  conclusion ;  and  it 
is  useless  to  draw  a  particular  conclusion  when  wc 
can  have  a  universal. 

Q.  How  do  you  discover  by  analysis  the  figure  in 
v/hich  the  major  extreme  is  particular  in  the  conclu- 
sion, and  universal  in  the  premises  ^ 

A.  The  major  extreme  being  particular  in  the 
conclusion,  the  conclusion  itself,  and  therefore  both 
premises  must  be  affi.rmative ;  but  since  the  major 
extremxC  must  be  universal  in  the  preliiioes,  it  must 
be  subject  of  the  major  proposition,  therefore  the 


48  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

middle  term,  as  predicate  of  major  premise,  being 
particular,  must  be  universal  in  minor,  and  to  be  so 
must  be  its  subject :  therefore,  the  major  extreme  can 
be  particular  in  premise,  and  universal  in  conclusion, 
only  in  that  figure  which  has  the  middle  for  predicate 
of  major  premise,  and  subject  of  minor,  viz.  the 
fourth. 

Q.  What  mode  is  common  to  all  the  figures  ? 

A.  E    I.  O. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  All  the  conditions  of  the  general  rules  will  be 
fulfilled,  whatever  be  the  position  of  the  terms  in  the 
premises. 

Q,  Why  is  not  I.  E.  O.  a  legitimate  mode? 

A.  Because  the  major  term,  which  is  universal  in 
the  conclusion,  would  be  particular  in  the  major 
premise,  whether  it  were  made  the  subject  or  pre- 
dicate. 

Q.  Wliy  is  A.  E.  0.  marked  a  useless  mode  ? 

A.  As  the  minor  term,  whether  subject  or  pre- 
dicate, must  be  universal  in  the  minor  proposition, 
we  can  have  a  universal  conclusion  in  every  figure 
which  can  have  these  premises. 

Q.  Why  then  is  E.  A.  O.  a  useful  mode  ? 

A.  Because  the  conclusion  from  these  premises 
must  be  particular  in  those  figures  in  which  the 
minor  term  is  predicate  of  the  minor  proposition. 

Q.  What  conclusion  admits  the  greatest  variety  of 
premises  ? 

A.  A  particular  negative. 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  49 

CHAPTER  XIX. 

The  Aristctelic  doctrine  of  syllogisms. 

Q.  On  what  principles  did  Aristotle  establish  the 
doctrine  of  syllogisms  ? 

A.  On  what  are  called  the  rules  de  omni  and  de 
nullo,  both  of  which  are  comprised  in  the  following 
aphorism  : — 

Whatever  is  predicated  affirmatively  or  negatively 
of  a  term,  taken  in  its  entire  extension,  may  be  pre- 
dicated in  like  manner  (that  is,  affirmatively  or  nega- 
tively) of  any  thing  contained  under  that  term. 

Q.  To  which  of  the  figures  is  this  principle  appli- 
cable ? 

A.  To  the  first  only. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  Because  in  the  first,  the  major  is  predicated  of 
the  middle,  and  the  minor  is  contained  in  the  middle, 
whence  we  immediately  infer  the  predication  of  the 
major  respecting  the  minor ;  but  in  the  other  figures, 
as  the  terms  are  not  disposed  in  their  naturrJ  order, 
the  necessity  of  the  consequence  is  not  immediately 
perceivable. 

Q.  Why  do  you  say  their  natural  order? 

A.  Because  if  we  observe  the  process  which  usually 
takes  place  in  our  own  minds,  we  shall  see  that  our 
reasoning,  for  the  most  part,  assumes  the  form  of 
the  first  figure ;  for  we  first  endeavour  to  obtain  some 
general  rule,  and  then  investigate  how  far  the  par- 
ticular instance  is  contained  under  the  rule. 

Q.  Can  you  illustrate  this  by  a  common  example? 

A.  In  all  criminal  trials,  the  law  defining  the  crime 


50  CATJECHISM    OP   LOGIC. 

is  the  major  proposition ;  the  nature  of  the  action 
committed  by  the  prisoner  is  the  minor  proposition ; 
and  the  verdict  of  the  jury  is  the  conclusion. 

Thus :  "■  To  kill  a  man  wilfully,  maliciously,  and 
unlawfully,  is  murder. 

*' M.  N.  did  kill  a  man  wilfully,  maliciously,  and 
unlawfully. 

**  Therefore  ]\I.  N.  is  guilty  of  murder." 

Here  the  law  supplies  the  major  proposition;  the 
prosecutor  furnishes  the  minor ;  and  the  jury  draw 
the  conclusion  from  the  premises. 

Q.  Has  not  this  simple  distinction  been  frequently 
neglected  ? 

A.  Yes;  from  not  keej>ing  the  propositions  suf- 
ficiently distinct,  jurymen  have  frequently  required 
proof  of  the  major,  and  thus  interfered  with  the  pro- 
vince of  the  court ;  and,  on  the  other  hand,  instances 
have  occurred  of  judges  directing  their  attention  to 
the  minor,  the  consideration  of  which  belongs  to  the 
jury. 

Q.  How  did  Aristotle  distinguish  the  modes  of  the 
first  figure  from  those  of  the  others  ? 

A.  He  called  the  modes  of  the  first  figure  perfect, 
and  the  others  imperfect. 

Q.  What  are  the  attributes  of  a  perfect  mode  ? 

A.  1.  The  middle  term  must  be  the  predicate  of  its 
minor,  and  the  subject  of  its  major. 

2.  The  minor  premise  must  be  affirmative,  and  the 
major  universal. 

3.  The  conclusion  must  have  the  quantity  of  the 
minor,  and  the  quality  of  the  major  premise. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  first  and  second  ? 
•     A.  It  is  manifest  from  the  principle  on  which  Aris- 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  51 

totle  has  founded  the  doctrine  of  syllogisms ;  for 
there  must  be  some  general  rule  laid  down  about 
some  universal  term,  of  whose  extension  the  subject 
of  the  conclusion  forms  a  part. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  third  ? 

A.  The  conclusion  must  have  the  quantity  of  the 
minor ;  for  that  part  alone  of  the  universal  term,  or 
universal  Avhole,  determined  in  the  premises,  can  be 
introduced  into  the  conclusion ;  and  it  must  have  the 
quality  of  the  major,  for  whatever  has  been  predicated 
of  the  universal  whole,  must  also  be  predicated  of  its 
parts. 


CHAPTER  XX. 

Reduction. 

Q.  How  are  imperfect  modes  changed  into  perfect? 

A.  By  reduction,  which  is  of  two  kinds,  ostensive 
and  indirect. 

Q.  What  is  ostensive  reduction  ? 

A.  That  which  from  the  premises  of  the  imperfect 
mode  gives  the  conclusion  in  a  perfect  mode,  or  a  con- 
clusion immediately  inferring  it  by  conversion. 

Q.  What  is  the  imperfect  mode  called  ? 

A.  It  is  called  the  reducend,  and  the  perfect  mode 
formed  from  it  is  termed  the  reduct. 

Q.  How  do  the  names  of  the  imperfect  modes 
suggest  the  perfect  modes  into  which  they  are  to  be 
reduced  ? 

A.  The  initial  letter  of  the  reducend  and  reduct 
modes  are  the  same ;  8  or  P  following  a  vowel  in  the 
reducend,  shows  that  the  proposition  must  be  con- 
F  2 


52  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

verted  to  make  it  admissible  in  the  reduct  mode ;  i\I. 
or  N.  declares  that  the  reducend  premise  must  be 
transposed;  and  K.  declares  the  imi)erfect  mode  to  be 
incapable  of  direct  or  ostensive  reduction. 

Q.  What  then  are  the  perfect  and  imperfect  cor- 
responding modes  ? 

A.  Imperfect  modes.  Perfect  modes. 

Bramantip  Barbara 

Cesare,  Camestres,  Camenes  Celarent 

Darapti,  Disamis,  Datisi,  Demaris  Darii 

Festino,  Felapton,  Ferison,  Fesapo,  Fresison   Ferio 

Baroko   ")  .  , ,      ^  .  -,      • 

Bokardo  J  ^^^^P^"!^  of  ostensive  reduction. 

Q.  Give  me  an  example  of  ostensive  reduction? 

A.  Reducend  or  imperfect  mode. 

Ce-    No  body  shining  by  its  own  light  changes 

its  phases. 

-sa- The  moon  changes  its  phases. 

-re.     — • .  •  The  moon  does  not  shine  by  its  ov/n  light. 
Reduct  or  perfect  mode. 

Ce-     No  body  changing  its  phases  shines  by  its 

own  light. 

-la-     The  moon  changes  its  phases. 

-rent. The  moon  does  not  shine  by  its  own  light. 

Q.  How  is  the  second  figure  reduced  to  the  form 
of  the  first  ? 

A.  By  the  conversion  of  the  major;  for  the  minor 
propositions  in  both  have  the  terms  in  the  same 
order. 

Q.  When  will  this  change  be  sufficient  ? 

A.  When  the  minor  proposition  is  affirmative ;  for 
in  the  second  figure  the  major  is  always  universal. 

Q.  When  is  a  further  change  necessary  ? 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  53 

ui.  When  the  minor  is  a  universal  negative,  the 
premises  must  be  transposed ;  ^vlien  it  is  a  particular 
negative,  ostensive  reduction  is  inapplicable. 

Q.  How  is  the  third  figure  reduced  to  the  form  of 
the  first  ? 

A.  By  the  conversion  of  the  minor;  for  the  terms 
are  in  the  same  order  in  the  major  propositions  of 
both. 

Q.  When  will  this  be  sufficient  ? 

A.  When  the  major  is  universal ;  for  in  the  third 
figure  the  minor  is  always  aflSrmative. 

Q.  When  will  transposition  be  also  necessary  ? 

A.  When  the  major  is  a  particular  affirmative  ;  but 
if  it  be  a  particular  negative,  ostensive  reduction  is 
inapplicable. 

Q.  How  is  the  fourth  figure  changed  into  the  form 
of  the  first  ? 

A.  Either  by  simple  transposition,  or  by  the  con- 
version of  both  premises. 

Q.  When  will  transposition  suffice  r 

A.  When  the  minor  is  universal,  and  the  major 
affirmative. 

Q.  Vihen  transposition  of  premises  is  used  in 
reduction,  vvill  the  reduct  conclusion  be  precisely  the 
same  as  the  conclusion  of  reducend  ? 

A.  No;  when  the  premises  are  transposed,  the 
terms  of  the  conclusion  must  be  transposed  likewise  j 
and  the  conclusion  of  the  reducend  must  then  be 
derived  from  the  conclusion  of  the  reduct  by  con- 
version. 

Q.  Is  there  any  mode  in  which  it  can  be  deter- 
minately  shown  that  the  conclusion  of  reducend  is 
the  convertend  of  the  conclusion  of  reduct  ? 
F  3 


54  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

A.  Yes;  Bramantip  is  such  a  mode,  and  there  is 
no  other. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  this  ?  », 

A.  In  order  that  such  a  relation  should  be  deter- 
minable, the  convertend  must  be  a  universal  affirma- 
tive, and  the  converse  a  particular  affirmative;  for 
the  converses  of  universal  negatives,  and  particular 
affirmatives,  do  not  differ  from  their  convertends  in 
quantity;  now  as  the  conclusion  of  reduct  is  con- 
vertend to  conclusion  of  reducend,  it  must  be  a  uni- 
versal affirmative,  and  its  subject  being-  universal  in 
the  conclusion,  must  have  been  universal  in  reduct 
premises,  and  also  in  the  premises  of  reducend  from 
whence  they  were  derived ;  but  as  conversion  is  ne- 
cessary in  the  conclusion,  transposition  must  have 
taken  place  in  the  premises,  and  consequently  the 
universal  minor  of  the  reduct  is  a  universal  major  in 
the  reducend ;  but  since  the  conclusion  of  the  re- 
ducend is  affirmative,  its  predicate,  the  major  term, 
is  particular,  but  it  is  universal  in  the  premises,  and 
therefore  the  reducend  mode  is  Bramantip  in  the  fourth 
figure,  as  has  been  aheady  shown  in  the  seventh 
paragrajih  of  the  eighteenth  chapter. 

Q.  How  do  you  shev/  the  validity  of  ostensive 
reduction  ? 

A.  The  premises  of  the  reducend  are  supposed  to 
be  true,  therefore  the  premises  of  the  reduct  being 
derived  from  them  by  a  legitimate  process,  are  true 
likeAvise ;  since,  in  the  first  figure,  the  conclusion  is 
the  necessary  result  of  the  premises,  the  conclusion 
of  the  reduct  is  true,  and  this  is  either  the  same  as 
the  conclusion  of  reducend,  or  infers  it  by  a  legiti- 
mate process  of  conversion. 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  55 

CHAPTER   XXI. 

Indirect  Reduction. 

Q.  What  is  indirect  reduction  ? 

A.  That  in  which,  from  the  contradictory  of  the 
conclusion,  and  one  of  the  ])reinises,  a  conclusion  is 
deduced  that  contradicts  the  other  premise  '. 

Q.  What  is  the  process  of  reasoning  in  indirect 
reduction  ? 

A.  The  premises  of  the  reducend  are  supposed  to 
be  both  true,  therefore  the  conclusion  of  the  reduct, 
which  contradicts  one  of  them,  is  false ;  since  the  con- 
clusion of  the  reduct  is  false,  one  of  the  premises  of 
the  reduct  must  l^e  false,  and  this  must  be  the  new 
premise,  or  contradictory  of  reducend  conclusion ; 
since,  then,  the  contradictory  of  reducend  conclusion 
is  false,  reducend  conclusion  must  be  true.  (See 
Chap.  XI.) 

Q.  Give  me  an  example  of  indirect  reduction. 

A.  Reducend  or  imperfect  mode. 

Ce-     No  body  shining  by  its  own  light  changes 

its  phases. 

-la-     The  moon  changes  its  phases. 

-re.      — * .  ■  The  moon  does  not  shine  by  its  own  light. 
Reduct  or  perfect  mode. 

Bar-  Xo  body  shining  by  its  own  light  changes 

its  phases. 

-ba-    The  moon  shines  by  her  own  light. 

-ra.     — •  .•  The  moon  does  not  change  her  phases. 


'  Before  proceeding  with  the  investigations  of  tliis  ciiaptcr, 
the  student  should  carefully  go  over  the  eleventh  chapter. 


56  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

Q.  In  this  instance,  the  conclusion  of  reducend 
contradicts  the  minor  premise  of  reducend,  but  from 
the  letters  there  would  appear  to  be  only  contrariety 
between  them.  How  do  you  explain  the  apparent 
error  ? 

A.  You  have  mentioned  the  reason  that  led  to  the 
selection  of  this  very  example :  in  addition  to  the 
demonstration  of  the  principles  of  indirect  reduction, 
it  is  of  importance  to  show  the  extensive  and  accurate 
ap])lication  of  which  logical  reasoning  is  susceptible, 
and  that  ap])arent  violations  of  the  forms  of  its  rules 
are  still  regulated  by  its  strictest  principles. 

(>.  Is  that  exemplified  in  the  present  instance  ? 

A.  Yes ;  the  moon  being  ai)plicable  only  to  one 
individual  is  a  singular  term,  therefore  the  proposi- 
tion of  which  it  is  the  subject  must  be  universal ;  the 
conclusion  from  two  universals  being  universal  in  the 
first  figure,  the  reduct  is  both  a  universal  and  sin- 
gular, but  the  opposition  between  two  singulars  is 
contradiction.  In  another  part  of  this  chapter,  how- 
ever, it  will  be  shown,  that  contrariety  which  might 
arise  in  this  case  would  be  an  opposition  perfectly 
sufficient  for  the  process  of  reasoning. 

Q.  Has  this  indirect  process  of  reduction  any  other 
names  ? 

A.  It  is  commonly  called  by  the  old  logicians  re- 
ductio  ad  imjiossiblle,  and  reductio  ad  absurdam. 

Q.  What  changes  are  made  in  the  terms  of  the 
reducend  by  indirect  reduction  ? 

A.  The  extreme  of  preserved  premise  of  reducend 
becomes  the  middle  term  of  the  reduct ;  the  middle 
of  reducend  takes  in  the  reduct  the  name  of  the  ex^ 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  &t 

treme  of  the  preserved  premise ;  the  extreme  of  the 
suppressed  premise  preserves  its  name. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  this  ? 

A.  Since  the  extreme  of  the  preserved  premise 
occurs  once  there  in  the  premises  of  the  reduct,  and 
once  again  in  the  contradictory  of  the  conchision,  it 
must  be  the  middle  term  of  the  reduct,  for  that  term 
alone  occurs  twice  in  the  premises  of  a  syllogism : 
since  the  former  middle  occurs  but  once  in  the  pre- 
mises of  reduct,  it  must  become  an  extreme ;  and 
since  it  occurs  only  in  the  preserved  premise,  it  will 
be  the  extreme  of  that  premise  :  finally,  since  the 
extreme  of  the  suppressed  premise  holds  the  same 
situation  in  the  substituted  premise  (viz.  the  contra- 
dictory of  the  conclusion),  it  must  retain  its  former 
name. 

Q.  Which  is  the  suppressed  premise  in  the  second 
figure  ? 

A,  The  minor. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  Since  the  major  premise  is  preserved,  the  major 
term  will  become  the  middle ;  but  it  is  the  subject  of 
the  preserved  premise,  and  will  be  the  predicate  of 
the  substituted  premise,  for  it  is  the  predicate  of 
reducend  conclusion,  and  consequently  of  its  contra- 
dictory also. 

Q.  Will  the  reduct  mode  then  fulfil  the  conditions 
of  a  perfect  mode  ? 

A.  Yes;  the  preserved  major  will  be  universal,  for 
it  is  always  so  in  the  second  figure ;  and  the  substi- 
tuted minor  wall  be  affirmative,  for  it  is  the  contra- 
dictory of  the  conclusion,  which  in  the  second  figure 
is  always  negative. 


58  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

Q.  Whicli  is  the  suppressed  premise  in  tlie  third 
figure  ? 

J.  The  major. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  Since  the  minor  is  the  preserved  premise,  the 
minor  term  becomes  the  middle,  but  it  is  the  pre- 
dicate of  the  preserved  premise,  and  will  be  of  course 
the  subject  of  the  substituted  premise  (viz.  the  con- 
tradictory of  reducend  conclusion). 

Q.  Vtlll  the  reduct  mode  in  this  case  he  perfect  ? 

A.  Yes;  the  preserved  minor  v^•ill  be  affirmative, 
for  it  is  always  so  in  the  third  figure ;  and  the  new 
major  will  be  universal,  as  being  the  contradictory  of 
the  conclusion,  which  in  the  third  figure  is  always 
particular. 

Q.  Which  is  the  suppressed  premise  in  the  fourth 
figure  ? 

A.  The  fourth  figure  is  reduced  to  the  form  of  the 
first  by  substituting  the  contradictory  of  the  conclu- 
sion for  either  of  the  premises. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  If  contradictory  of  conclusion  be  substituted 
for  major  premise,  the  minor  term  becomes  middle, 
and  is  subject  of  major  and  predicate  of  minor;  if  it 
be  substituted  for  minor  premise,  the  major  term 
becomes  middle,  and  is  the  subject  of  major  and 
predicate  of  minor,  as  is  required  in  a  perfect  mode. 

Q.  How  then  do  we  determine  the  suppressed  pre- 
mise in  this  figure  ? 

A.  By  the  nature  of  the  conclusion:  1.  if  it  be  a 
particular  affirmative,  the  major  must  be  suppressed; 
2.  if  it  be  a  universal  negative,  the  minor  must  be 
suppressed;  3.  if  it  be  a  particular  negative,  either 
premise  may  be  suppressed  indiiferently. 


CATECHISM    OP   LOGIC.  59 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  first  part  ? 

A.  If  the  conclusion  be  a  particular  affirmative,  its 
contradictory  will  be  a  universal  negative,  and  con- 
sequently only  admissible  as  a  major  in  the  first 
figure. 

Q.  Will  the  mode  then  be  perfect  ? 

A.  Yes;  the  major,  as  we  have  shown,  will  be 
universal,  and  the  minor  must  be  affirmative,  since 
the  conclusion  is  so. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  second  part  ? 

A.  The  contradictory  of  a  universal  negative  con- 
clusion is  a  particular  affirmative,  which  is  only  ad- 
missible as  a  minor  in  the  first  figure. 

Q.  ^Yill  the  mode  then  be  perfect  ? 

A.  Yes;  for  the  minor,  as  we  have  shown,  will  be 
affirmative,  and  the  major  will  be  universal,  for  it  is 
so  in  all  the  negative  modes  of  the  fourth  figure. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  the  third  part  ? 

A.  The  major  is  universal  and  the  minor  affirma- 
tive in  the  modes  of  the  fourth  figure,  which  have  a 
particular  negative  conclusion;  consequently,  either 
may  be  preserved  without  violating  the  rules  of  per- 
fect modes ;  and  the  contradictory  of  the  conclusion 
being  a  universal  affirmative,  may  become  either 
major  or  minor  premise  of  reduct. 

Q.  What  is  there  remarkable  in  the  indirect  rednct 
modes  of  the  fourth  figure  ? 

A.  The  terms  of  reduct  mode  are  always  in  the 
reverse  order  of  the  terms  in  the  suppressed  premise. 

Q.  Why? 

A.  Because  the  middle  term  of  reducend  premise 
changes  its  name  for  that  of  the  extreme  in  preserved 
premise,  and  will  therefore  be  predicate  of  conclusion 


60  CATECIII3M    OF    LOGIC. 

when  the  minor  is  suppressed,  and  subject  when  the 
major  is  suppressed  ;  but  in  the  fourth  figure,  the 
middle  term  is  subject  of  minor  and  predicate  of 
major. 

Q.  \Miat  species  of  opposition  is  principally  used 
in  the  ])rocess  of  indirect  reduction  ? 

A.  Contradiction. 

Q.  In  how  many  ways  is  it  apjjlied  ? 

A.  In  two  ways :  we  argue  from  truth  of  suppressed 
premise  to  falsehood  of  reduct  conclusion ;  and  from 
falsehood  of  substituted  premise  to  truth  of  reducend 
conclusion. 

Q,  Could  the  other  species  of  opposition  be  used 
in  either  of  these  ways  ? 

A.  Yes :  contrariety  is  a  valid  argument  in  reason- 
ing from  truth  to  falsehood;  and  subcontrariety  in 
reasoning  from  falsehood  to  truth. 

Q.  Does  contrariety  ever  arise  ? 

A.  Yes;  whenever  the  reducend  mode  has  a  par- 
ticular conclusion,  and  universal  premises. 

Q.  Why  will  it  arise  in  this  case  ? 

A.  Because  ])oth  premises  of  the  reduct  will  be 
universal ;  and  whenever  this  is  the  case  in  a  perfect 
mode,  the  conclusion  will  be  universal. 

Q.  Will  the  argument  in  this  case  be  valid  ? 

A.  Yes  ;  for  the  truth  of  the  suppressed  premise 
will  prove  the  falsehood  of  the  reduct  conclusion. 

Q.  Could  you  not  in  this  case  make  use  of  contra- 
diction ? 

A.  ^  Yes :    by  deducing  a  subaltern  from  the  re- 


See  the  chapter  on  Subalternation  (IX). 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  61 

ducend  premise,  which  would  be  true  by  the  first 
canon  of  subaltemation ;  and,  consequently,  its  con- 
tradictory, the  conclusion  of  tlie  reduct  syllogism, 
v/ould  be  false. 

Q.  Could  subcontrariety  be  used  in  the  process  of 
reduction  ? 

A.'  No  :  the  argument  of  subcontrariety  would  be 
valid  between  substituted  premise  and  conclusion  of 
reducend  ;  but  if  thus  used,  it  must  also  occur  where 
it  would  be  invalid,  viz.  between  su])pressed  premie 
and  conclusion  of  reduct. 

Q.  tlow  is  this  proved  ? 

A.  In  order  that  _  substituted  premise  should  be 
subcontrary  to  conclusion  of  redacend,  that  conclu- 
sion must  be  O;  for  the  subcontrary  of  I  (viz.  ())  is 
inadmissible  as  a  premise  in  a  perfect  mode :  also, 
substituted  premise  must  be  the  mJnor,  for  a  par- 
ticular is  not  r:lmissible  as  major  premise  in  a  perfect 
mode ;  the  mode  must  therefore  occur  cither  in  the 
second  or  fourth  figures  :  but  when  the  conclusion  is 
particular  in  the  second  figure,  the  minor  is  so  like- 
wise ;  and  since  the  reduct  has  a  particular  premise, 
the  conclusion  of  reduct  will  be  particular,  and  there- 
fore subcontrary  to  suppressed  premise ;  in  the  fourth 
figure,  the  conclusion  is  particular  only  when  the 
minor  is  affirmative ;  and  as  the  terms  of  reduct  con- 
clusion are  in  reverse  order  to  the  terms  of  suppressed 
premise,  it  vv'ill  be  subcontrary  to  the  converse  of  that 
premise. 


02  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

CHAPTER  XXII. 

Hypothetical  and  disjunctive  2)ropositions. 

Q.  What  is  a  hypothetical  proposition  ? 

A.  That  in  which  one  or  both  premises  are  hypo- 
thetic propositions. 

Q.  Wliat  is  the  most  common  form  of  a  hypothetic 
syllogism  ? 

A.  The  major  is  usually  a  hypothetic  proposition ; 
the  minor  and  conclusion  both  categorical.  If  both 
premises  be  hypothetic,  the  conclusion  will  be  hypo- 
thetic likewise ;  and  the  pro])Osition  will  partake  of 
the  nature  of  a  Sorites,  which  shall  be  described 
hereafter. 

Q.  What  are  the  legitimate  processes  of  reasoning 
in  hypothetic  syllogism  ? 

A.  From  the  position  of  the  antecedent  to  the 
position  of  the  consequent ;  and  from  the  remotion  of 
the  consequent  to  the  remotion  of  the  antecedent. 

Q.  AMiat  do  you  mean  by  position  and  remotion  ? 

A.  Position  is  the  assertion  of  a  proposition  preserv- 
ing its  quality;  remotion  is  the  assertion  of  a  proposi- 
tion after  its  quality  is  changed  to  the  opposite. 

Q.  What  are  the  illegitimate  processes  of  reasoning 
in  hypothetic  syllogisms  ? 

A.  From  the  remotion  of  antecedent  to  the  remo- 
tion of  consequent ;  or  from  the  position  of  conse- 
quent to  the  position  of  antecedent. 

Q.  How  do  you  prove  this  ? 

A.  It  api)ears  from  what  we  have  already  stated 
(Chap.  XIII.),  that  the  truth  of  a  hypothetic  propo- 
sition depends  on  the  validity  of  the  inference  of  the 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  '    63 

consequent  from  the  antecedent ;  now  the  same  con- 
sequent may  follow  from  several  antecedents,  there- 
fore, the  remotion  of  one  antecedent  cannot  remove 
the  consequent,  nor  the  position  of  the  consequent 
prove  that  particular  antecedent. 

Q.  Can  you  illustrate  this  by  an  example  ? 

A.  Suppose  the  hypothetic  major  to  be — 
"  If  the  moon  revolves  round  the  earth,  she  is  a 

satellite." 
Now  it  is  evident,  that  if  the  first  part  be  true,  the 
second  follows  from  it  by  necessary  inference ;  and  if 
the  consequent  be  false,  the  antecedent  must  be  so 
likewise ;  but  no  inference  could  be  deduced  from  the 
remotion  of  the  antecedent  or  position  of  the  conse- 
quent, because  there  are  other  planets  besides  the 
earth  that  have  satellites. 

Q.  How  are  the  legitimate  processes  of  reasoning 
in  hypothetic  syllogisms  designated  ? 

A.  \Yhen  we  argue  from  position  of  antecedent  to 
position  of  consequent,  the  syllogism  is  termed  Con- 
structive; when  we  reason  from  remotion  of  conse- 
quent to  remotion  of  antecedent,  the  syllogism  is 
called  Destructive. 

Q.  Can  a  constructive  be  changed  into  a  destruc- 
tive syllogism  r 

A.  Yes :  by  the  conversion  of  the  hj^iothetic  major 
by  contraposition ;    thus,  the  example  given  above 
would  become — 
If  the  moon  is  not  a  sateUite,  she  does  not  revolve 

round  the  earth ; 

And  it  will  be  at  once  evident,  that  the  destructive 

reasoning  from  this  form  of  the  proposition,  is  pre- 

G  2 


64  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

cisely  equivalent  to  the  constructive  reasoning,  from 
its  convertentl  and  rice  versa. 

Q.  What  is  the  mo.^t  usual  fomi  of  a  hypothetic 
proposition  ? 

A.  The  antecedent  and  consequent  have,  for  the 
most  part,  a  common  subject;  if  they  have  not,  it 
will  be  found  convenient  to  change  them  into  this 
form  by  conversion.  If  they  have  not  a  common 
term,  som.e  part  of  the  reasoning  must  have  been 
omitted,  which  should  be  supplied  before  it  is  sub- 
jected to  the  strict  examination  of  logical  rules. 

Q.  When  will  a  hypothetic  affirmative  of  this  form 
be  true  ? 

A,  It  will  be  true  when  the  extension  of  the  pre- 
dicate of  the  antecedent  is  contained  in  the  extension 
of  the  predicate  of  the  consequent. 

Q.  When  will  a  hypothetic  negative  be  tnie  ? 

A.  When  the  extension  of  the  predicate  of  the 
consequent  is  contauied  in  the  extension  of  the  pre- 
dicate 01  the  antecedent. 

Q.  On  what  principle  do  these  miles  depend? 

A.  On  the  aphorism  mentioned  in  the  beginning 
of  Chap.  XIX.,  which  is  equally  the  foundation  of 
reasoning  in  hypothetic  and  categorical  syllogisms. 

Q.  W^hat  is  disjunctive  syllogism? 

A.  That  in  which  the  major  is  a  disjunctive  pro- 
position; as  the  truth  of  a  disjunctive  proposition 
depends  on  the  subject  being  contained  in  one  or 
more  of  the  predicates ;  therefore,  some  of  the  parts 
must  be  true  and  the  rest  false. 

Q.  How  many  processes  of  reasoning  are  there  in 
disjunctive  syllogisms  ? 


CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC.  65 

A.  Two :  constructive  and  destructive ;  construc- 
tive, when  from  the  remotion  of  one  or  more  parts 
you  argue  to  the  position  of  the  rest;  destructive, 
when  from  the  position  of  one  or  more  parts  you 
argue  to  the  remotion  of  the  rest. 

Q.  Can  you  give  me  an  example  ? 

A.  Disjunctive  major. 

The  world  is  either  eternal,  or  the  work  of  chance, 
or  created  by  a  Deity. 

Destructive  minor. 

It  is  neither  eternal,  nor  the  work  of  chance. 
Constructive  conclusion. 

The  world  has  been  created  by  a  Deity, 
or,   Constructive  minor. 

The  world  has  been  created  by  a  Deity. 
Destructive  conclusion. 

It  is  neither  eternal  nor  the  work  of  chance. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  validity  of  the  reasoning  in  a 
disjunctive  syllogism  depend? 

A.  On  the  aphorism  mentioned  in  Chap.  XIX.,  as 
will  evidently  appear  on  the  slightest  consideration. 

Q.  What  is  a  dilemma  ? 

J.  It  is  a  more  complicated  form  of  disjunctive 
syllogisms,  and  partakes  more  directly  of  the  natiure 
of  hypothetic  syllogisms. 

Q.  How  are  dilemmas  divided  ? 

A.  Into  constructive  and  destructive;  and  these 
again  are  subdivided  into  simple  and  complex. 

Q.  AVhat  is  a  simple  constructive  dilemma  ? 

A.  The  major  is  a  compound  hypothetic  propo- 
sition,  containing  several  antecedents  and  a  single 
consequent;  the  minor  is  a  disjunctive  proposition, 
o  3 


(J6  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

affirming  the  antecedents ;  the  conclusion  is  a  cate- 
gorical affirmation  of  the  single  consequent. 

Q.  Can  you  give  an  exam})le  of  this  process  of 
reasoning  ? 

J.  Hypothetic  Major. 

If  the  disappearance  of  Christ's  body  from  the 
sepulchre  be  left  wholly  unexplained,  or  if  such  an 
explanation  be  given  as  is  wholly  irreconcileable  with 
the  ordinary  principles  of  human  action,  we  must 
believe  the  doctrine  of  the  resurrection. 
Disjunctive  Minor. 

The  opponents  of  the  doctrine  arc  cither  totally 
silent,  or  give  such  explanations  as  contradict  the 
plainest  princi})les  of  action. 

Categorical  Conclusion. 

We  must  believe  the  doctrine  of  the  resurrection. 

Q.  What  is  a  complex  constructive  dilemma  ? 

A.  That  in  which  the  major  has  several  conse- 
quents, and  the  conclusion  is  of  course  disjunctive. 

Q.  Can  you  give  me  an  example  ? 

A.  Hypothetic  major. 

If  the  conduct  of  general  Mack  at  Ulm  was  pre- 
meditated, he  was  a  knave;  if  unpremeditated,  he 
was  a  fool. 

Disjunctive  minor. 

It  must  have  been  either  premeditated  or  unpre- 
meditated. 

Disjunctive  conclusion. 

Mack  was  cither  a  traitor  or  a  fool. 

Q.  What  is  a  simple  destructive  dilemma  ? 

A.  It  differs  from  the  constructive  in  the  disjunc- 
tive minor,  which  removes  all  the  antecedents;  and 


CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC.  6/ 

the  categorical  conclusion  then  removes  the  conse- 
quent K 

Q.  Can  you  give  me  an  example  r 

A.  Hypothetic  major. 

If  the  Gospels  be  false,  the  evangelists  must  either 
have  been  deceivers  or  deceived. 

Disjunctive  minor. 

They  vrere  not  deceivers  (for  they  testified  to  the 
truth  of  their  doctrine  by  lives  of  suffering  and  deaths 
of  torture) ;  neither  were  they  deceived  (for  the  nature 
of  the  facts  they  record  preclude  the  possibility  of 
deception). 

Categorical  conclusion. 

The  Gospels  are  not  false. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  truth  of  a  dilemma  depend  ? 

A.  On  the  accuracy  of  the  division  in  the  disjunc- 
tive proposition,  and  in  the  completeness  of  the 
proof  of  the  remotion  or  position  of  the  several  pails 
in  the  minor;  each  of  which  parts  should  be  demon- 
strated by  a  categorical  syllogism. 

Q.  \Miat  else  do  the  old  logicians  require  in  a 
dilemma  ? 

A.  That  it  should  be  incapable  of  being  retorted ; 
and  of  this  they  gave  the  following  strange  illustra- 
tion. A  sophist  engaged  to  teach  a  pupil  logic,  on 
the  condition  of  receiving  a  certain  sum,  when  the 
pupil  should  conquer  him  in  disputation.  Shielding 
himself  under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  the  dis- 


'  By  making  similar  changes  in  the  definition  of  a  ecn* 
structive  complex  dilemma,  the  student  ^Yill  have  the  dcfin". 
tion  of  a  destructive  complex  dilemma. 


G8  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

ciple  refused  to  pay  for  his  education,  and  the  matter 
\\-as  brought  to  trial  before  the  Athenian  court.  The 
sophist  pleaded,  *'  If  I  conquer,  I  must  be  paid  by  the 
rule  of  court  J  and  if  I  fail,  I  must  be  paid  by  the  terms 
of  our  agreement :''  to  which  the  student  replied,  ''If 
I  conquer,  I  juust  not  pay  by  the  rule  of  court  j  and  if  I 
fail,  I  jnust  not  pay  by  the  terms  of  our  agreements 

Q.  Is  this  a  necessary  rule  ? 

A.  No ;  for  as  in  the  case  quoted,  a  dilemma  can 
be  retorted  only  when  one  hyjoothesis  is  destiiictive 
of  the  other. 


CHAPTER  XXIII. 

Of  Enthymemes  and  a  Sorites. 

Q.  What  is  an  enthymeme  ? 

A.  A  syllogism,  of  which  one  premise  is  sup- 
pressed ? 

Q.  How  may  we  know  which  premise  has  been 
suppressed  ? 

A.  If  the  predicate  of  the  conclusion  occurs  in  the 
preserved  premise,  the  minor  has  been  suppressed; 
if  the  predicate,  the  major.  But  if  neither,  the  en- 
thymeme does  not  form  part  of  a  simple  syllogism. 

Q.  How  may  we  know  to  what  figure  of  syuogisms 
the  enthymeme  belongs  ? 

A.  By  completing  the  syllogism,  and  comparing  it 
with  the  general  niles. 

Q.  What  is  a  sorites  ? 

yi.  It  is  a  series  of  propositions  so  disposed,  that 
the  predicate  of  the  first  is  the  subject  of  the  second; 
and  so  on  in  succession,  until  in  the  conclusion,  the 
last  predicate  is  predicated  of  the  first  subject. 


CATECHISM    OF  LOGIC.  6^ 

Q.  Can  you  give  me  an  example  of  a  sorites  ? 

A.  '*  Those  whom  God  foreknew,  he  predestinated; 
Those  whom  he  predestinated,  he  called  ; 
Those  whom  he  called,  he  justified ; 
Those  whom  he  justified,  he  glorified  :" 
Therefore,  Those  whom  God  foreknew,  he  glorified. 

Q.  On  what  does  the  perfection  of  the  reasoning 
in  a  sorites  depend  ? 

A.  On  the  perfection  of  the  simple  syllogisms  into 
which  it  is  resolved. 

Q.  How  is  a  sorites  resolved  into  syllogisms  ? 

A.  The  second  premise  of  the  sorites  wiU  be  the 
major  of  the  first  syllogism,  and  the  first  the  minor; 
the  other  syllogisms  will  have  the  successive  propo- 
sitions for  their  major  premise,  and  the  conclusions 
of  the  preceding  syllogisms  as  their  minors;  therefore, 
the  number  of  syllogisms  into  which  a  sorites  is  re- 
solvable, must  be  one  less  than  the  number  of  pre- 
mises in  the  sorites. 

Q.  \'\Tiat  are  the  special  rules  of  a  sorites  ? 

A.  The  first  premise  alone  can  be  particular,  and 
the  last  alone  negative. 


CHAPTER  XXIV. 
0/  Sophisms. 

Q.  What  is  a  sophism  ? 

A.  An  argument,  which  under  the  appearance  of 
rectitude,  is  fallacious.  A  false  argument,  manifestly 
violating  the  rules  of  syllogism,  is  called  a  paralogism, 
but  in  sophisms,  the  rules,  though  really  broken, 
appear  to  be  preserved. 


70  CATECHISM    OF   LOGIC. 

Q.  How  are  sophisms  divided  ? 

A.  Into  two  classes ;  sophisms  in  form  and  sophisms 
in  matter,  termed  by  the  old  logicians.  Fallacies  in 
dictioney  d.nd  fallacicB  extra  dictioiiem. 

Q.  How  many  species  of  fallacies  in  form  were 
enumerated  by  the  old  logicians  ? 

A.  Six  :  viz. — 

1.  The  fallacy  of  equivocation,  which  consists  in 
using  the  same  word  in  different  senses.  Thus, 
Roman  Catholics  sometimes  endeavour  to  prove,  that 
even  Protestants  acknowledge  the  authority  of  the 
Church,  since  they  receive  the  Scriptures  on  its  au- 
thority. In  the  former  part  of  the  sentence,  authority 
signifies  controlling  power;  in  the  latter,  it  merely 
means  evidence. 

2.  The  fcillacy  of  amphiboly,  or  doubtful  construc- 
tion of  a  sentence.  Thus,  Hume's  argument  against 
miracles,  when  he  says,  **  No  evidence  can  prove  a 
miracle;  for  it  is  contrary  to  experience,  that  a 
miracle  should  be  true,  but  not  contrary  to  experience 
that  evidence  should  be  false,"  is  an  instance  of  this 
and  the  former  fallacy  combined ;  for  in  the  first  part 
of  the  sentence,  contrary  to  experience,  means,  "wholly 
opposed  to  universal  experience,"  which  is  a  direct 
assumption  of  the  point  at  issue ;  and  in  the  second 
part,  it  merely  means,  inconsistent  with  the  personal 
experience  of  some  particular  individual,  which,  from 
its  nature,  every  miracle  must  be. 

3.  and  4.  The  fallacies  of  composition  and  division, 
where,  from  what  is  true  of  a  term  in  its  divided  sense, 
we  infer  something  resi)ecting  the  aggregate,  or  the 
contrary.  Thus,  the  Stoics  endeavoured  to  prove  the 
doctrine   of  necessity  by  the  following  argument: 


CATECHISM    OF  LOGIC.  71 

*'  He,  who  necessarily  goes  or  stays,  is  not  a  free 
agent;'*  "you  must  necessarily  go  or  stay;"  there- 
fore, **  you  are  not  a  free  agent."  Here  the  fallacy 
rests  on  the  word  necessarily  being  taken  with  both 
members  in  the  first  proposition,  and  only  with  the 
alternative  in  the  second. 

5.  Fallacy  of  accent ;  or  a  play  on  words  of  the 
same  sound  but  different  sense.  This  is  nothing 
better  than  a  quibble  or  pun,  by  which  no  rational 
being  was  ever  deceived. 

6.  Fallacy  of  figure  of  speech,  or  a  fallacy  arising 
from  the  grammatical  construction  of  language,  and 
proceeding  on  the  false  supposition,  that  all  words 
derived  from  the  same  root  have  a  correspondency  in 
meaning.  It  is  impossible  to  give  such  a  fallacy  a 
logical  form,  as  the  syllogism  will  be  at  once  seen  to 
contain  two  mjddle  terms. 

Q.  How  many  fallacies  in  matter  {extra  cUctionem) 
are  there  ? 

A.  The  old  logicians  enumerate  seven.  1.  Fallacy 
of  accident,  where  some  accidental  circumstance  is 
assumed  as  essential.  Thus,  certain  reasoners  blame 
Christianity  as  the  origin  of  religious  wars,  not  per- 
ceiving that  these  wars  arose,  not  from  Christianity 
itself,  but  from  the  depraved  passions  of  its  professors. 

2.  The  fallacy  of  arguing  from  a  modal  to  a  simple 
assertion  (a  dicfo  secundum  quid  ad  dictum  simpViciter) , 
thus,  some  opponents  of  war  say,  that  those  who 
support  the  right  of  self-defence,  are  advocates  of 
murder,  omitting  all  notice  of  the  circumstances  by 
which  they  restrict  their  assertions. 

3.  The  fallacy  of  erring  conclusion  (igiiorationis 
elenchij :  this  fallacy  consists  in  proving  something 


72  CATECHISM    OF    LOGIC. 

wliicli  inaccurate  observers  might  be  led  to  mistake 
for  tlie  question  at  issue.  Thus,  the  opponents  of 
machinery  ])rove  that  it  has  injured  some  j)articular 
classes,  not  regarding^  that  the  matter  really  to  be 
decided  is,  whether  its  introduction  has  not  been, 
on  the  v/hole,  beneficial  to  the  nation  at  large. 

4.  The  fallacy  of  wrong  cause,  or  unreal  similarity, 
in  which  an  effect  is  deduced  from  a  false  source,  or 
a  case  quoted  as  similar,  which  is  by  no  means  pa- 
rallel. 

5.  The  fallacy  of  consequent,  where  something 
is  deduced  which  does  not  necessarily  follow. 

6.  The  fallacy  of  assumption  (petitionis  principiij, 
in  which  the  question  at  issue,  or  something  inferring 
it,  is  assumed  as  a  premise.  To  this  belongs  the 
argument  in  a  circle,  where  two  doubtful  proposi- 
tions are  used  to  prove  each  other.  This  is  a  very 
common  sophism  with  popular  orators,  who  fre- 
quently give  their  hearers  identity  of  assertion  for 
argument. 

7.  The  sophism  of  several  questions,  when  a  single 
answer  is  required  to  a  question  that  may  receive 
several;  thus,  *'  Is  it  just  to  kill  a  man?"  is  a  ques- 
tion which  an  inaccurate  reasoner  would  promptly 
answer  in  the  negative;  and  subsequently  be  sur})rised 
to  find  that  he  had  given  up  the  right  of  self-defence, 
and  denied  in  all  ca«es  the  legahty  of  capital  punisli- 
ment.  ^ 


THE   END.    r    <h^  0        ^ 


CiLRERT  &  KiviNGTo,\,  rHnter.s,  St.  John's  Square,  London. 


,^     "^/^aaAiNfi-itt^       ^(^Abvuani^"^      ^omm 


-^^•IIBRARYQa  ^^\\EUN1VERS/^       ^lOSANC 


5^       ^OJUVD-JO"^ 


^i'ilDKVSOl^ 


i#    "^^AHvaaiH^       <rii]ONvsoi^ 


JMF11NIVER%.       ^VOSAN( 


^lOS'ANCElfX^ 


jvvlOSAKCElfJV. 


^.OFCALIFO/?^ 


^OFCAll 


i^     "^/^aaAiNa-ii^^ 


%avaaiH^    ^^Okwm 


0/:^       ^l-UBRARY^^^         .^WEUNIVER%       ^lOSANi 


<rii33NVsoi^     'v/5d3AiNniwv        ^^Ayvaan-T^ 


-5>^UIBRARY' 


^<!/0dlW3-JO^ 


^OFCALIF0% 


"^^Aavaan-i^ 


UC  SOUTHERN  REGIONAL  LIBRARY  FACILIT"'' 


B     000  002  852     2 

i    ^ 


% 


1^ 


^OFCALlFOft^         ^^WEUNIVERS/, 


AWFUNIVERS/a 


^TiiaONVSOl^ 


.^WEUNIVERy/A 


^lOSANCEl^^ 
o 


%a3AiNn-3WV^ 


%a3AiNnmv^ 


-^HIBRARY(5 


^<I/0JI1VDJ0 


^VVOSANCElfX^        ^OFCAllFO/i! 


^6>Aavaan-^^ 


^^UIBRARYi?/;^ 


^IIIBRATOK 


iUi;iiU(7i  i>^ 


^\^EUNIVERy/ 


