
kFfJ 




djornf II Ham i>rl|ool ^jtbraty 



-6 3" V' ? D 



KFN5082J17" ""'"^'^ '""'"^ 
'^^VSmmUi?^^±,.')''''^*>°"s and I 




3 1924 021 906 460 





Cornell University 
Library 



The original of this book is in 
the Cornell University Library. 

There are no known copyright restrictions in 
the United States on the use of the text. 



http://www.archive.org/details/cu31924021906460 



NEW YORK 



BAR EXAMINATION 



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 



BY 

JOSEPH JACOBS, L.L.B. 

OF TIT^^EW YORK BAR 



LOUIS APPLEBOME, L.L.B. 

OF THE SEW YORK BAR 



THE BANKS LAW PUBLISHING COMPANY 

21 MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK 

1903 




'/Ml. 



Copyright, 1903, 
Bt The Banks Law Publishing Co. 



(SOKNJwJb UNiVERSJTt 

^P« 7 2 1904 



Ui^^ 



PREFACE. 

These questions and answers have been collated to meet the 
wants of candidates for admission to the bar of the state of New 
York. The questions, saving repetitions, have been propounded 
by the examining committee during the past seven years, and 
complete answers, with copious excerpts from statutes and deci- 
sions and the citation of authorities in support, have been care- 
fully prepared. They have been classified by topic into twenty- 
one chapters, and arranged with special reference to the con- 
venience and need of students. While not designed or intended 
to take the place of a systematic course of study in the law, the 
candidate for admission will readily recognize their valuable 
supplementary aid and systematic means of review in order to 
meet successfully his final test. 



APft 1 2 1904 



LAW UlitMi«i 



TABLE OF CONTENTS. 



Chapteb 



->> 






ol. 
oil. 

III. 

IV. 

V. 

• ^VI 

f tfVII 

VIII, 

«IX. 

X 

- on. 

- OXII 

^oXIII. 

-^ XIV, 

" tfXV, 

OXVI 

--f^VII 

3 XVIII 

*r XIX 

XX, 

XXI. 



* Agency, ^ r . 

• BailmentsJ;X 

•BlLJ^S AISID N0TES,X 
OBB ANDjPLEADlSe^ ^ 

Constitutional Law,^ 
c0nteacts,v*'. 

CoEPOJtATIONS, A 



'Ceiminal La\vJ>^ — r 

.^Domestic Relations, ^^ 
.aEj^^vviYj^ — : : — L 

.V^VIDEliCE^. •{ . 

■Insueance,^£ 



• Paetneeship, Z. . . . 

('Quasi Conteacts^ 

•Real Peopeety,^ 

^ALES,^. . ... 

StIEB^SHIP and GuAEANTi', ' -r" 
T0ETS,i^ .... 

'TEUSTSy'T 

Wills and Administeation, 5f^ 



1-20 - \ 

•21-27 '^ 



.28-51 



V 



- 52-64 ^V^'^ 
65-103-vr 

•104-115 jX 
•116-136^^^ 
137-155"*;;^ 
•156-176 iV 

•177-191 ^y 

192-204 -fc^ 
205-238 ^ 

• 239-248^ 
.249-262 ^ 
263-268 -^ 

■ 269-287 '^ 
•288-301 i/ 
302-312 >/ 
'313-340- '- 
'341-349 /> 

• 350-371* 



NEW YORK BAE EXAMINATION 

QUESTIOT^S AISTD AI^SWERS. 



CHAPTER I. 

Agency. 

Q. A, an infant, is the owner of a certain piece of land. He 
authorizes B, an adult, to sell said land. B conveys the same to, 
C. After A became of age, it is claimed that he ratified the con- 
veyance. A sues in ejectment. Can he recover ? 

A. Judgment for A. The a^uestion here is, can an infant, 
after arriving at age, ratify the act of his agent, performed while 
he was an infant. This depends upon whether his appointment 
of an agent is a void or voidable act. If the former, it cannot be 
ratified ; if the latter, it can be. In New York, the doctrine is laid 
down, that the only act an infant is incapable of performing as to 
contracts, is the appointment of an agent or attorney. Whether 
the docti'ine is founded upon solid reasons may be doubted, but 
there is no doubt that it is law. Fonda v. Van Horn, 15 Wend. 
631. 

Q. A appoints B, an infant, as his agent to sell certain goods. 
B sells the goods to C. A afterwards seeks to disafSrm the sale, 
and brings action to recover back the goods on the ground that 
B's act was void, as an infant cannot be an agent. Judgment for 
whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for C. " It is by no means necessary for a person 
to be sui juris, or capable of acting in his or her own right, in order 
to qualify himself or herself to act for others," Story's Agency, 
1 1 



2 AGENCY. 

sees. 6, 7, 9. It is the undoubted law of agency, that a person 
may do through, another what he could do himself in reference to 
his own business and his jown property ; because the agent is but 
the principal acting in another name. The thing done by the 
agent is, in law, done by the principal. This is axiomatic and 
fundamental. Qui facit per alium facit per se. Story's Agency, 
sec. 440. 

Q. A sends B, his servant, with a horse of A's to C, with 
instructions to sell the horse to C for |500, but in jio case to take 
any money from C. B sells the horse to C for $400, and makes 
away with the money.' C knows nothing of the instructions to 
B. What are the rights of A against C, and give the reasons for 
your answer? 

A. A has no rights. " Where private instructions are given to 
) a general or special agent respecting the mode and manner of 
executing his agency, intended to be kept secret and not com- 
municated to those with whom he may deal, such instructions ^re 
not to be regarded as limitations upon his authority, and notwith- 
standing he disregard them, his act, if otherwise within the scope 
of his agency, will be valid and bind his employer." Edwards v. 
Dooley, 120 N. Y. 540. 

Q. A appoints B, as his agent, to sell his horse, instructing him 
(B) not to warrant the soundness of the animal. B gives a 
warranty on the sale. A is sued for breach of warranty. Is he 
liable ? 

A. Yes. He is liable, as horses are usually sold with warranty. 
Whether an agent is authorized to give a warranty in a particular 
case, must depend upon the character of his agency, the usage of 
trade in the locality in which the sale is made, and the subject of 
the sale. Ordinarily an agent vested with discretion, and having 
authority to do whatever is necessary to carry out the object of 
his agency, may bind his principal by a warranty. Ahearn v. 
Goodspeed, 72 N. Y. lOS ; Murray v. Smith, 4 Daly, 277. 

Q. A was the freight agent of the defendant corporation whose 
duty and authority it was to receive and forward freight over the 
defendant's road, giving a bill of lading therefor. He issued 
bills of lading for goods to B, although no goods were shipped by 



A&BNCY. 3 

B or delivered to the defendant. B transferred the bills of lading 
to C who had no notice. C sues the defendant. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. " It is a settled doctrine of the law of agency in this 
State, that where the principal has clothed his agent with power 
to do an act upon the existence of some extrinsic fact, necessarily 
and peculiarly within the knowledge of the agent, and of the 
existence of which the act of executing the power is itself a rep- 
resentation, a third person dealing with such agent in entire 
good faith, pursuant to the apparent power, may rely upon the 
representation, and the nrincipal is estopped from denying its 
truth to his prejudice^j^^nch, J., in Bank of Batavia v. R. R.- 
Co., 106 N. Y. 195. 




Q. Thenresidg^Bp directors of a warehouse company passed 
a re|^BHiPPM^Kc^the president of the company authority to 
sign receipts for the goods in the warehouse^ The president 
issued a receipt to himself, claiming that he had goods in the 
warehouse, when in fact there were none. The president then 
pledged such receipt to a bank and received money on it. The 
bank sues the company for the amount of the receipt. Judgment 
for whom and wh}' ? 

A. Judgment foi^^^^^kdant. A general power of authority 
giventoanageM^^^HBKt for his principal does not extend 
to ^HHIHtfe^Bi^earstliat the agent is himself the person on 
the other gjde. Where a power is intended to be given to the 
agent to act as such, in such a case, it must be expressed in lan- 
guage so plain, that no other interpretation can rationally be given 
it. Bank of N. Y., etc., v. Amer. D. & T. Co., 143 N. Y. 552. 

(Note.) This case must be distinguished from Hanover Nat. Bank v. 
Amer. D. & T. Co., 148 N. Y. 612, where it was held, that : " If an officer of 
a warehouse company having express authority to issue negotiable warehouse 
certificates to others for goods deposited, but having no such authority to 
issue certificates to himself, does issue warehouse certificates in his own 
favor to the knowledge express or implied of the company's directors, their 
acquiescence in such acts, after havinj; liada reasonable time to put an end 
thereto, will permit the inference that tlie act of certifying in his own favor 
was within the .officer's actual iiuthority, and will estop the company from 
denying, as to purchasers for value, that the jjower to so certify in fact so 
existed." 

Q. A who is trustee of the X estate, appoints B to act in his 



4 AGENCY. 

Stead. B fraudulently misapplies |5,000 of the trust funds. A 
is sued for the amount. Is he liable ? 

A. Yes. A is absolutely liable. In general, the power con- 
ferred upon an agent, is based upon special confidence or trust 
which the principal has in the agent's personal ability or integrity, 
and such power in the absence of authority express or implied, 
cannot be redelegated by the agent so as to bind the principal. 
The maxim of " Delegatus nou potest delegare " applies in such a 
case. The autliority of an agent to receiye money is most clearly 
a personal trust and confidence, which cannot be delegated. 
Bodine v. Ins. Co., 51 N. Y. 123. J|^ 

(Note.) An agent cannot delegate any P'J^^HL his power requiring the 
exercise of discretion or judgnient, otherwis^R^^^a|, as to powers or duties 
merely ministerial or mechanical. Bank v. N^^^^^Hill, 501. Where an 
agent has authority to employ subagents, he will^^^ktt|||Ie for their acts 
or omissions, unless in their appointment, he is guilt^JWrmtl or gross negli- 
gence, or improperly co-operates in the acts or omissions. But where the 
agent has no authority express or implied to appoint a subagent, he will be 
responsible to his principal for the acts of a subagent appointed by him. 
Elwell V. Chamberlain, 31 N. T. 611. 

Q. The First Nat. Bank of New York receives a note payable 
in Chicago from X, and forwards it to tj^Jraders Bank of Chicago 
for collection. The Traders Bank ne^^Hl^ fails to collect. X 
sues the New York Bank. Can he ^'^^H^^H^i', 

A. Recovery allowed. The doctrine thata*baak receiving a 
note, draft, or bill of exchange in one state, for collection in an- 
other state, from a holder residing there, is liable for neglect of 
duty occurring in its collection, whether arising from the default 
of its own officers, or from that of its correspondent in the other 
state, or an agent employed by such correspondent, in the absence 
of any express or implied contract varying such liability, is estab- 
lished by decisions in New York. Allen v. Merchants Bank, 
22 Wend.. 215 ; Ayrault v. Pacific Bank, 47 N. Y. 570. 

( Note. ) A bank receiving for collection a check sent by another bank which 
holds it only for collection is the agent of the latter, and not of the payee, 
because there is no right to delegate the authority in such a case. Castle v. 
Corn Bxch. Bank, 148 N. Y. 122. 

Q. A, an agent, with power to issue negotiable paper, drew a 
check for a purpose for which he was not authorized. B, his prin- 



AGENCY. 5 

cipal, ratified the act, but subsequently refused to pay, claiming 
that there was no original authority. Is he liable ? 

A. Yes. To ratify is to give validity to the act of another. 
A ratification is equivalent to a previous authority. It operates 
upon the act ratified in the same manner as though the authority 
had originally been given. 

(Note.) Two acts may be ratified, — First, where an agent does an act in 
excess of his authority. Second, where one assumes to act as the agent of 
another without authority. " An individual having power to malce a con- 
tract may ratify or affirm it, wlien made by one who without authority as- 
sumes to be his agent; but if tlie individual himself have no such power, lie 
can no more bind himself retroactively to its performance by affirmance or 
ratification, than he could have done prospectively in the first instance. The 
power to ratify ex vi termini implies a power to have made the contract, and 
the power to ratify in a particular manner, implies the power to have made 
the contract in that tjianner. Brady v. Mayor of N. Y., etc., 16 How. Pr. 
432. See also Callioun v. Millard, 121 jST. Y. 69, 81. / 



/ 



Q. A made a note payable to the order of B, and then forged 
B's indorsement thereon, and then for its face value transferred it 
to C. The first information B had of the forgery, was a receipt 
of notice of dishonor as indorser. Subsequently, he told C that 
the indorsement was a forgery, but that he would indorse the note 
to save trouble, but he soon changed his mind^and refused to pay. 
A went to Europe. ^jM C recover against B ? 

A. Yes. One whosename is forged to a note, iwaj bind himself 
on the instrument in New York, by an unwritten i-atification of ■ 
the signature as his own, made after delivery of the note. Howard 
V. Duncan, 3 Lansing (N. Y.), 174 ; Thorne v. Bell, Hill & Denio's 
Reports (Lalor's Suppl. N. Y.), 430. 

(XoTB. ) While there is a sharp conflict of authority asTo the possibility of 
ratifying a forgery (New York holding that it may be ratified), all the cases 
agree that one may, by his admissions or conduct, estop himself from denying 
the genuineness of his signature, as against'.one who has changed his legal 
position relying on such admissions, representations, or conduct. Huffcut on 
j£encx^4?fi,JS. ^ ■. 

Q. A, the agent of B-w'Sell^a.. certain piece of land belonging to 
B to C, and at the time of the'i^are'^-anakes .fraudulent representa- 
tions to C to induce him to purchas^ C siies B for the damages 
sustained.. Is B liBble? 

A. Yes. When an authorized agent acting within the scope of 



6 AGENCY. 

his authority, perpetrates a fraud for the benefit of his principal, 
and the latter receives the fruits of it, he is liable as for his own 
wrong. Bennett v. Judson, 21 N. Y. 238, a leading case followed 
in Elwell V. Chamberlain, 31 N. Y. 611 ; Dawson v. Chisholm, 
15 St. Rep. 984, and hosts of others in New York cases. These 
authorities rest upon the principle, that when a party clothes an- 
other with authority to speak in his behalf, and indorses him to 
third persons as worthy of trust and confidence, those who are 
misled by the falsehood and fraud of the agent are entitled to 
impute it to the principal. The latter will not be permitted to 
retain the fruits of a transaction infected with fraud, whether the 
deceit, which he seeks to turn to his profit, was practised by him 
or by his accredited agent. In such a case, he cannot separate 
the legal from the illegal elements of the contract, and appropriate 
the advantages it secures, while he rejects the corrupt instrumen- 
talities by which they were obtained. 

Q. A gives B, his agent, power to sell real estate. B knowing 
that A is short of funds and is in need of cash, obtains a mortgage 
on the property and signs the same as A's agent under the power 
to sell. He sends the money thus obtained to A^-jivho dies intes- 
tate, having retained the money. What are the rights of the heirs 
as to the mortgage? 

A. The heirs hold subject to the mortgage. By accepting and 
retaining the money, which was the fruit of the agent's act, with- 
out objection, the principal is presumed to have ratified that act. 
Having received the benefits of the contract, the heirs could not, 
as their intestate had signified his acquiescence, invoke the aid of 
the courts to relieve them of the obligation. Hyatt v. Clark, 118 
N. Y. 563. A principal cannot enjoy and retain the fruits or ben- 
efits of the act of his agent, without adopting and ratifying the 
instrumentalities by which those fruits were obtained, even though 
employed without his authority or knowledge./ Baldwin v. Bur- 
rows, 47 N. Y. 199. 

Q. A sends to B, his shares of stock in the X Bank to be sold 
at par. In order to induce C to purchase the stock, the broker 
gives him a warranty in the name of his principal, that the stock 
is actually worth par. The broker returns the proceeds of the sale 
less his commission to A, with no information regarding the war- 



AGENCY. 7 

ranty. A retains the proceeds. The X Bank is really insolvent 
at the time of this transaction, although A knew nothing of the 
insolvency, and actually thought the stock was worth par. C was 
damaged to the extent of f 5,000 by j;he deal. Can he maintain 
action against A on the warranty ? 

A. A is not liable on the warranty. An agent with express 
authority to sell has no implied authority to warrant, where the 
property is of a description not usually sold with warranty. One 
employed to make a sale of bank stock is not presumptively em- 
powered to warrant it in the name of his principal. The receipt 
of the proceeds by the owner of the stock in- ignorance of an un- 
authorized warranty by the agent, is not a ratification of the un- 
authorized engagement. Smith v. Tracey, 36 N. Y. 79. The 
ratification of the act of an agent previously unauthorized, must, 
in order to bind the principal, be with a full knowledge of all the 
material facts. 

Q. X, Y & Z who are trustees of the Seamen's Societ)^ sign, 
seal, and deliver a bond to John Brown. They are sued on the 
bond personally. Can the action be maintained ? The bond was 
executed in the following form : ." X, Y & Z, trustees of the Sea- 
men's Society." " 

A. Yes. The seals are not those of the society, and the affixing 
of the names of their offices does not relieve the parties from per- 
sonal liability. Such words will be regarded merely as descrip- 
tive of the persons. Unless the promise purports to be by the 
corporation, it is that of the persons who subscribe to it ; and the 
fact of adding to their names some official title has no legal sig- 
nification as qualifying their obligation, and imposes no liability 
on the corporation whose officers they may be. This must be re- 
garded as the long and well settled rule in this state. Taft v. 
^Brewster, 9 John. Mi ; Hills v. Bannister, 8 Cowen, 31 ; Moss 
V. Livingston, 4 N. Y. 208. 

Q. A contract under seal began by stating that it was made be- 
tween Thompson, by Smith his attorney, and Jones. The conclud- 
ing was : " In witness whereof the said Smith, a* attorney for the 
said party of the first part, has set his hand and seal." Signed by 
Jones and by Smith, attorney for Thompson. Thompson sues 



8 AGENCY. 

Jones. Jones demurs and answers that the agreement was between 
himself and Smith, and that Thompson cannot maintain the action. 
Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for Thompson. When an authorized agent exe- 
cutes a contract under seal, in which he represents himself as agent 
and discloses his principal, and by the terms of which he assumes 
to contract for the principal only, in the absence of any personal 
promise or covenant on his part, the contract cannot be held to be 
his contract, for it is the contract of the principal who alone can 
sue and, be sued upon it. The agent cannot be made liable indi- 
vidually tliereon, although it is only signed in his individual name. 
Whitford v. Laidler, 94'n. Y. 145." 

Q. J is the president of the A corporation, and G of the X corpora- 
tion ; they make a joint note in the usual form to B. They have the 
authority to make such notes for their respective corporations ; the' 
note is drawn on a corporation blank, with the name of A corpora.^ 
tion across the end. The note is signed J, president of A corpora- 
tion, and G, president of the X company. Are they personally 
liable on the note ? 

A. Yes. " Where a negotiable promissory note has been given 
for the payment of a debt contracted by a corporation, and the 
language of the promise does not disclose the corporate obligation, 
and the signatures to the paper are in the names of individuals, a 
holder, taking bona fide, and without notice of the circumstances 
of its making, is entitled to hold the note as the personal under- 
taking of its signers, notwithstanding they affix to their names the 
title of an office. Such an affix will be regarded as descriptive of 
the persons and not of the character of the liability. This rule is 
well settled and is founded in the general principle that in a con- 
tract every material thing must be definitely expressed and not left 
to conjecture. Unless the language creates or fairly implies, the 
undertaking of the corporation, if the purpose is equivocal, the 
obligation is that of its apparent makers. The appearance upon 
the margin of the paper of the printed name of the corporation was 
not a fact carrying any presumption that the note was, or was in- 
tended to be, one" by the company. It was competent for its offi- 
cers to obligate themselves personally, for any reason satisfactory 
to themselves, and, apparently to the world, they did so by the 



Agency. 9 

language of the note, which the mere use of a blank form of a 
note, having upon its margin the name of their company, was in- 
sufficient to negative." Gray, J., in Casco Nat. Bank v. Clark, 
136 N.Y. 307. (§J) 

Q. A gave B instructions to go' to C and purchase a horse for 
him. B went to C and made th^ purchase. The horse was deliv- 
ered by C, and then B told C that the purchase was' for A. What 
rights has C in the matter? Answer in full. 

A. C can sue either A or H. Where goods are sold to a person, 
whom the vendor believes to be a purchaser, but who in fact bought 
as agent of another, the vendor may, on discovery of this fact, 
maintain an action against the principal for the purchase price. 
Kayton v. Barnett, 116 N. Y. 625. This is a case in which the 
rule commonly known as the doctrine of undisclosed principal ap- 
plies. At first glance the rule is foreign to the idea of contract 
(mutual assent) for the minds of A and C did not meet, but the 
courts in order that the peison who obtains the benefit of the con- 
tract shall not escape its burdens invoked in their aid the fiction 
of identity, i. e., the principal and agent are considered one and 
the same person, and hold the principal liable. The doctrine of 
mutuality is applied in these cases and the undisclosed principal 
is allowed to sue the other party. 

Q. A makes a contract with B in writing. A is in fact acting 
for C, an undisclosed principal. B sues C,'and at the trial offe'rs 
evidence to show that the contract was in fact made for C. Can 
he recover? 

A. Yes. A party who has entered into a written contract may 
maintain an action against the principal upon parol proof that the 
contract was in fact made for the principal, where the agency was 
not disclosed by the contract and was not known to the plaintiff 
when it was made. Such proof does not contradict the written 
contract. It superadds a liability against the principal to that 
existing against the agent. The parol evidence may be intro- 
duced in such a case to charge the principal, while it would be in- 
admissible to discharge the agent, is well settled by authority. 
Coleman v. Bank, 53 N. Y. 393. 

v/ Q. A appointed B as his agent, for the purpose of purchasing 



10 AGENCY. 

certain lands belonging to C B, without disclosing the agency, 
entered into a contract under seal with C, whereby he agreed to 
purchase such lands at a specified price ; the contract was executed 
by C in his own name. C sues A for the purchase price, offering 
to execute a good and sufficient deed. Can he recover? 

A. No. " A was not a party to the agreement. He did not sign 
it himself, nor did it purport to have been executed for him by B. 
His name did not appear in it, and there is nothing upon the face 
of the agreement to indicate that he was in any way connected with 
or interested in the purchase. The covenants in the agreement are 
solely between B and C. Those persons only can be saed on an 
indenture who are named as parties to it, and an action will not lie 
against one person on a covenant which purports to have been made 
by another. It is true that a principal may be cliarged upon a 
written parol executory contract entered into by an agent, in 
his own name, within his authorit}^ although the name of the prin- 
cipaldoes notappear in the instrument and was not disclosed. But 
there is a well recognized exception to this rule in the cases of 
sealed instruments. C's agreement was with B and not with A. 
To change it from a specialty to a simple contract, in order to 
charge the principal, is to make a different contract from the one 
the parties intended. A seal has lost most of its former signifi- 
cance, but the distinction between specialties and simple contracts is 
not obliterated " Andrews, J., in Briggs v. Partridge, 64 N. Y. 357. 

Q. A, the owner of property, appoints B as his agent to collect 
the rent of certain premises. A thereafter dies, and one of the ten- 
ants continues to pay the rent to B. B thereafter absconds. Can 
the administrator recover the rent that was paid to B by the tenant ? 

A. Yes. The question is not new, and it has been uniformly 
answered by our decisions, to the effect, that the death of the prin- 
cipal puts an end to the agency, and therefore, is an instantaneous 
and unqualified revocation of tlie authority of the agent. There 
can be no agent where there is no principal. No notice is necessary 
to relieve the estate of the principal of responsibility, even on con- 
tracts into which the agent had entered with third persons who were 
ignorant of his death. Those who deal with an agent are held to 
assume the risk that his authority may be terminated by death 
Avithout notice to them. Weber v. Bridgman, 113 N. Y. 600. 



AGENCY. 11 

Q. A being indebted to B, his agent, gives him (B) authority to 
sell certain goods, and to pay himself from the proceeds, the amount 
which is due him. A dies before the goods are sold, and his rep- 
resentatives seek to recover the goods from the agent. Can they 
do so? 

A. No. In this case, the power given is coupled with an in- 
terest in the goods, and so irrevocable by death of the principal 
or otherwise. To make the agency irrevocable, there must be an 
interest in the subject of the agency itself, and not a mere inter- 
est in the result of the execution of the agency. Where power 
to sell property is given as a security for the purpose of reimburs- 
ing the agent, the power is not revocable. The law on the point 
has been very well settled, since the early and very leading case of 
Hunt V. Rousmanier, 8 Wheaton (U. S.),174, where Chief Justice' 
Marshall, who delivered the opinion of the court, says : " This gen- 
eral rule, that a power ceases with the life of the person giving it, 
admits of one exception. If a power be coupled with an interest, 
it survives the person giving it, and may be executed after his 
death. As this proposition is laid down too positive^ in the books 
to be controverted, it becomes necessary to inquire what is meant by 
the expression, "a power coupled with an interest?" Is it an in- 
terest in the subject on which the power is to be exercised, or is it 
an interest in that which is produced by the exercise of the power? 
We hold it to be clear, that the interest which can protect a power 
after the death of a person who creates it, must be an interest in 
the thing itself. In other words, the power must be engrafted "on 
an estate in the thing." The doctrine of this case has been uni- 
formly followed in New York. Knapp v. Alvord, 10 Paige's Ch. 
205 ; Hutchins v. Hebbard, 34 N. Y. 24. 

Q. A hired B as his agent, and in the contract of hiring, it was 
agreed that the authority given the agent to sell goods, should not 
be revoked for five years. After one year. A, the principal, 
revokes the agency. The agent refuses to cease acting. What 
are the rights of the parties ? 

A. The principal may revoke, but he must respond in damages 
for the breach of the contract. The distinction must be drawn 
between the power and the right to revoke. As agency is a per- 
sonal relation, it depends for its existence upon the will of the 



12 AGENCY. 

principal who creates it ; and he may, therefore, recall the appoint- 
ment of an agent of his own selection at his pleasure, unless the 
agency is coupled with an interest. Although the powerto revoke 
may exist in a given case, yet it cannot be exercised without ren- 
dering the principal liable in damages, when he has agreed that 
the agency shall not be revoked for a certain period. Hunt v. 
Rousmanier, supra. 

Q. A engaged a broker to sell a certain piece of property at a 
certain price ; afterwards A sells it to C, a friend of his ; next day 
the broker brings a purchaser willing to buy at the stipulated 
price. What are the broker's rights against A ? 

A. The broker has no rights. This is a revocation by disposi- 
tion of the subject matter, and as the property which was the sub- 
ject matter of the agencj^, has been sold by the principal, the 
agency ceases ipso facto. In such a case, the principal violates no 
rights of the broker by selling to the first party who offers the 
price asked. He failed to find or produce a purchaser upon the 
terms prescribed in his employment, and the principal was under 
no obligation to wait longer, that he might make further efforts. 
Where no time for the continuance of a contract is fixed by its 
terms, either party is at liberty to terminate at will, subject only 
to the ordinary requirements of good faith. Usually the broker is 
entitled to a fair and reasonable opportunity to perform his obliga- 
tion, subject of course to the right of the seller to sell independ- 
ently. But, that having been granted to. him, the right of the 
principal to terminate his authority is absolute and unrestricted, 
except only that he may not do it in bad faith, and as a mere 
device to escape the payment of the broker's commissions. The 
principal has an absolute right before a bargain is made, while 
negotiations remain unsuccessful, before commissions are earned, 
to sell the property and thus revoke the broker's authority, and 
the latter cannot thereafter claim compensation for a sale made by 
the principal. Wylie v. Marine Nat. Bank, 61 N. Y. 416 ; Sibbald 
V. Bethlehem Iron (lo., 83 N. Y. 378. 

Q. A is employed by B as agent. Thereafter A is discharged. 
Subsequent to his discharge, A buys goods from C in the name of 
B, and then absconds with the goods. Is B liable for the value of 
the goods ? 



AGENCY. 13 

A. Yes. When one has constituted and accredited another his 
agent to carry on his business, the authority of the agent to bind 
his principal continues, even after an actual revocation, until notice 
of the revocation is given ; and as to persons who have been accus- 
tomed to deal with such agent, until notice of the revocation is 
brought home to them. As prior dealers, actual notice is necessary, 
while as to others, constructive notice, for instance, publication in 
a newspaper, is held sufficient. Claflin v. Lenheim, 66 N. Y. SOU 

Q. A appoints B, as his agent, to sell a certain piece of real es- 
tate for him, naming #10,000 as the price. B is able to secure 
115,000 for the property and sells for that amount. He gives 
#10,000 to his principal and retains the balance. A upon dis- 
covering the facts consults you. What are his rights ? 

A. He can recover the $5,000 from his agent. An agent owes 
a duty to his principal to secure the best price he can. It was 
the duty of B to get the highest price for the real estate that 
could be obtained for it in the market. An agent has duties to 
discharge of a fiduciary character towards his principal, and will 
not be allowed to make secret profits. Dunlop v. Richards, 2 
E. D. Smith, 181 ; Bain v. Brown, 56 N. Y. 285. 

Q. A employs B to purchase silk for him at #1 per yard. B 
informs A that he has purchased for that price. He then sends A- 
the desired quantitj' of his own silk, .B sues' for the price. Can 
he recover? 

A. No. An agent cannot sell his own goods to his principal 
without the knowledge of his principal, as the fiduciary relation 
which exists between them, forbids it. Conke}' v. Bond, 36 N. Y. 
427. 

Q. A, the owner of real estate, placed it in the hands of B for 

.^sale. B's clerk unknown to A, became the purchaser for #5,000, 

after having informed A in B's name that it was doubtful if more 

could be obtained. A subsequently becoming dissatisfied with 

the sale, consults you. What are his rights'- against B and the 

|.-«lerk ? Reasons. 

" A. A can have the conveyance set aside, or have judgment 
compelling B or the clerk to pay to him the ascertained value of ' 



14 AGBKCY. 

the land. "It is a principle that an agent, trustee, or other 
person in a fiduciary capacity, can never be a purchaser ; and I 
assume it as not requiring proof that this principle must be ad- 
mitted, not only as established by adjudication, but also as founded 
in uidispensable necessity, to prevent that great inlet of fraud and 
those dangerous consequences which would ensue if agents or 
trustees might themselves become purchasers, or if they were not 
in every respect kept within compass." Munro v. Allaire, 2 
Caines' Cases (N. Y.), t8§. This rule has been affirmed in many 
subsequent cases. Dobson v. Racey, 8 N. Y. 216 ; Jewett v. 
Miller, 10 N. Y. 402. "It is u;ideniable from these authorities, 
that if the purchase in this case had been made by B, it could not 
be sustained. Does the same principle apply to a purchase made 
by the clerk? It is not perceived upon what substantial ground a 
distinction can be drawn. Whatever duty B owed to A, he, the 
clerk, equally owed the same. And it has so been held." Poillon 
v.' Martin, I'Sandf. Cb. 569 ; Gardner v. Ogden, 22 N. Y. 327. 

Q. A, a real estate agent, is employed by B to sell or exchange 
a lot, and by X to sell and exchange a farm ; and an exchange is 
affected between B and X, they knowing nothing at the time that 
the other employs A. A sues both parties in separate actions for 
his commissions. Can he recover? 

A. He can recover from neither. The contract between A and 
B was an inducement to A to effect a sale or exchange to X, even 
if it was on lower terms than might have been obtained from 
others or less advantageous to B, because he thereby secured his 
commissions from both parties. It was therefore an agreement 
which placed A under the temptation to deal unjustly with B. 
Contracts which are opposed to open, upright, and fair dealing are 
against public policy. A contract by which one is placed under a 
direct inducement to violate the confidence reposed in him by 
another is of this character. This rule, that a broker employed by 
both parties, can recover from neither, when he is instrumental in 
effecting a sale or exchange between them is well settled in New 
York. Knauss v. Krueger Brewing Co., 142 N. Y. 70. 

(Note.) Where in a negotiation for the sale or excliange of real estate a 
broker is employed by both parties with notice that he is acting for the other 
in the matter and with such notice, each agrees to pay him his commissions, 
he can recover from both. Eowe v. Stevens, 63 ST. Y. 621. Where a broker 



AGENCY. 15 

is employed by both vendor and purchaser, neither can refuse compensation, 
if it was promised with full knowledge that the broker held the same relation 
to the other party. It seems, that if one knew of the double agency, the 
agent can recover from him. Jarvis v. Shaefer, 105 N. Y. 289. 

^ Q. A engaged B, a broker, to sell his farm, and agreed to pay 
5% commission. C, at about the same time, also engaged B to look 
up a farm for him and agreed to pay ofo commission. B brought 
A and C together, and they closed the transaction. Neither party 
knew tliat B was acting for the other. B charges both A and C 
the 5% commission, and they both refuse to pay it after discovering 
the facts. B comes to you for advice. What are his rights ? 

A. B can recover from both. Real estate brokers employed as 
middle men to bring purchasers and sellers together to enable them 
to make their own bargain, may charge commissions to both par- 
ties. They are not agents to buy and sell, and not within the rule 
which prohibits their acting without consent, as agent for both 
buyer and seller. Siegel v. Gould, 7 Lansing (N. Y.), 177. "If 
an agent is employed to procure a purchaser for property, and has 
nothing to do with the terms and conditions of the sale, but these 
are determined by his principal when he meets the prospective pur- 
chaser, there can be nothing inconsistent with good faith on the 
part of the agent in his making and arranging with the purchaser 
for commissions, or in failing to notify his principal (the vendor) 
of such arrangement ; but if the agent is intrusted with the least 
discretion, or if the agent's skill and judgment were relied upon 
by the seller, then his agreement to act in a similar capacity for 
the purchaser where his duty and interest might conflict, would 
avoid his right to recover an)"^ compensation from his principal." 
Gra-cj^ V. Stevens, 56 App. Div. 203. 

~r Q. A is employed by the X corporation to go to Albany, and 
use his utmost influence and exertion to procure the passage of a 
bill, granting to the corporation, a certain railroad franchise in the 

' city of New York. A goes to Albany and argues before the leg- 
islative committee to the best of his ability. He sues the corpora- 
tion for his services. Can he recover? 

A. No. This contract is void as against public policy. It is a 
contract leading to secret, improper, and corrupt tampering with 
legislative action. It is not necessary that the parties stipulated 



16 AGENCY. 

for corrupt action, or that they intended that secret and improper 
resorts should be had. It is enough that the contract tends di- 
rectly to those results. It furnishes a temptation to the plaintiff, 
to resort to corrupt means or improper devices to influence legisla- 
tive action. It tends to subject the legislature to influences de- 
structive of its character, and fatal to public confidence in its action. 
The law avoids contracts and promises made with a view to place 
one under wrong influences ; those which offer him a temptation 
to do that which may affect injuriously the rights and iutei'ests of 
third persons. It is a sufficient objec*'^on to a contract, on the 
ground of public policy, that it has a dii-ect tendency to induce 
fraud and malpractice upon the rights of others, or tlie violation or 
neglect of high public duties. Lyon v. Mitchell, 36 N. Y. 235 ; 
Mills V. Mills, 40 N. Y. 543. 

Q. A, acommercial agent, sold goods to B on thirty days' credit. 
The agent was instructed by the house he represented to make no 
collection. At the expiration of thirty days' time, the agent called 
upon B and presented a bill for the goods. B paid him (A) the 
amount thereof. A subsequently absconds. B is sued by the 
house for the price of the goods. Is he liable and upon whom 
does the loss fall ? 

A. The loss must fall upon B. Ordinaiily, a mere sales agent 
has no authority to receive payment for goods sold by him for the 
owner ; his only authority is to find a purchaser. Mere authority 
to sell does not imply authority to collect. But where a person is 
apparently clothed with full authority to sell and deliver, a pay- 
ment to such person is good as against the owner. Maxfield v. 
Carpenter, 84 Hun, 450. 

(ISroTB.) Where goods are sold by an agent, and there is notice, direct or 
implied, to pay the price to the principal, payment by the vendee to the agent 
will not bind the principal nor protect the vendee. Lamb v. Hirschbero- 1 
App. Div. 518. 

Q. Your client hands a broker 110,000, with which to purchase 
a bond and mortgage, which he did. The bond and mortgage were 
left with the broker to collect the semi-annual interest when due, 
but not to collect the principal when due. The broker collected 
the interest and principal, and by a forged satisfaction piece satis- 
fied the record, and gave the bond and mortgage to the mortgagor, 
then absconded with the principal. Who must bear the loss ? 



AGENCY. 17 

A. The loss falls on the mortgagee, as the mortgagor is author- 
ized to infer that the agent is empowered to receive both interest 
and principal from his having possession of the bond and mortgage. 
Williams v. Walker, 2 Sandf. Ch. 325. A mortgagor who makes 
a payment to one, other than the mortgagee, does so at his peril. 
If the payment be denied upon him rests the burden of proving 
that it was paid to one clothed with authority to receive it. There . 
is, however, one exception to this rule. If payment be made to one 
having apparent authority to receive the money, it will be treated 
as if actual authority had been given for its receipt. So if a mort- 
gagee permits a broker, who negotiates a loan, to retain in his pos- 
session the bond and mortgage, after the principal is due, and the 
mortgagor with knowledge of that fact and relying upon the ap- 
parent authority thus afforded, shall make a payment to him, the 
owner will not be permitted to deny that the attorney possessed 
the authority which the presence of the securities indicated he 
had. Having conferred the apparent authority upon the agent, 
the principal is estopped from denying that the actual authority 
existed. Smith v. Kidd, 68 N. Y. 130 ; Brewster v. Carnes, 103 
N. Y. 556. 

Q. A, through B his attorney, loaned _C 18,000 on bond and 
mortgage for five years. The papers were left in B's possession, 
and he was authorized to collect the interest but not the principal. 
After the principal became due, B received from C two payments 
of $1,000 each to apply on the principal, the bond and mortgage 
being eacTi time produced by B. On a subsequent occasiQn,'|l,000 
more was paid to B to apply on the principal, but the bond and 
mortgage were not produced, though B then had them in his pos- 
session and told C so. B then sold the bond and mortgage and 
forged an assignment of them to the pui-chaser. After that B re- 
ceived from C the balance due upon^tKe mortgage. A brings fore- 
closure. Can he recover, and what' are the rights of the parties ? 

A. Judgment for A fortiSjOOO. Clearly, as to the first two pay- 
ments, the attorney had apparent authority to receive the principal, 
and the mortgag^ could not deny to them, the effect of payment 
pro tanto, by proof that he did not have actual authority. As to 
the subsequent payment of 11,000, it is true, C did not at the 
time of making the payment see the bond and mortgage, but it 
was actually in the possession of the attorney, and the attorney so 



18 A\1ENCY. 

informed him. Here then, was possession, and information of the 
possession. It was information upon which he acted, and inasmuch 
as it was true, it constituted apparent authority. If it turned out 
to be untrue, it could not have availed him. There is no ground 
for insisting that a party must actually see and examine the securi- 
ties, in order to entitle him to the protection of the doctrine of ap- 
parent authority ; if he have trustworthy information of the fact 
which lie believes and relies upon, and it shall prove to be true, 
there seems to be no reason, why it should not avail him, as well as 
a personal examination of the securities. It follows that the de- 
fendant should have been credited with the third payment of 
11,000. As to the remaining 15,000 that was paid to B after he 
had parted with the bond and mortgage, C's failure to take the pre- 
caution of ascertaining whether the attorney was actually in the 
possession of the securities, when he paid the $5,000, deprived 
him of the right to assert that he was induced to make the pay- 
ment, because it appeared to him that the attorney had the right 
to receive the money. " Information of the physical fact of pos- 
session by the attorney is alone effectual for protection. And he- 
must have such knowledge when every payment is made, for no 
presumption of a continuance of possession can be indulged in, for 
the purpose of giving support to an apparent authority on the part 
of an attorney to act, where no actual authority exists. The rule 
comprises two elements : First, possession of the securities by the 
attorney with the consent of the mortgagee ; second, knowledge of 
such possession on the part of the mortgagor. The mere posses- 
sion of the securities by the attorney is not sufficient. The mort- 
gagor must have knowledge of the fact. It is the appearance of 
authority to collect, furnished by the custody of the securities, 
which justifies him in making payment. And it is because the 
mortgagor acts in reliance upon such appearance, an appearance 
made possible only by the act of the mortgagee in leaving the se- 
curities in the hands of an attorney, that estops the owner from 
deujdng the existence of authority in the attorney which such pos- 
session indicates." Parker, J., in Crane v. Gruenewald, 120 N. Y. 
274. 

(Note.) " Where an attorney who did not make the investment originally, and 
who has no direct atitliority to receive payment of tlie principal of a bond and 
mortgage, lias received by the authority of the assignee tliereof one payment of 
interest, and has obtained in some undisclosed manner the physical possession 
of the bond and mortgage, but not of the assignment thereof, he has not such 



AGENCY. 19 

apparent authority to receive payment of the principal of such bond and mort- 
gage as will protect the mortgagDr, in paying the principalsecured thereby, to 
him. To justify such inference of authority ou the part of the attorney, he 
must have had control of the investment from tlie beginning to the end." Cen- 
tral Trust Co. V. Folsom, 26 App. Div. 40. 

Q, A, the holder of a mortgage, employed his son to retain an 
attorney to foreclose it, and directed B to bid for the property at 
the foreclosure sale on behalf of A, but not to bid beyond a cer- 
tain sum. B attended the sale and bid as A directed him to do. 
Others bid for the property more than the sum to which A had 
limited B, and thSi-eupon B bid in his own name, and bought tlie 
property for himself. Assuming that there was no actual fraud 
on B's part, and A consults you as to his rights, what would you 
advise ? 

A. A has no rights against B. This was a special agency, and 
B's authority to bid was limited by the instructions given. He 
had no right to bid beyond the specified amount. When the sum 
named was exceeded by the other bids, his authority ceased. He 
was merely A's agent up to the amount limited. While he could 
not bid in opposition to his principal, as far as the limited amount 
was concerned, as this would be opposed to the fiduciary relation 
existing between them, yet there would be nothing inconsistent 
with good faith or loyalty to his piincipal in bidding for and buy- 
ing the property himself when that amount was passed by other 
bids, for he was then no longer his agent. See Story on Agency, 
sees. 126, 127. 

Q. A is the financial agent of B, and B is accustomed always to 
indorse notes that he sends by A to the bank to be cashed. B has 
a note payable to bearer. He sent it by A to be cashed at the bank, 
especially instructing him that it is payable to bearer and does not 
need to be indorsed. A presents the note at the bank, and the 
bank refuses to accept it unless A indorses it. A informs the bank 
that B instructed him not to indorse the note, but the bank still 
refuses, unless A indorses B's name. A then does so, and receives 
11,000 on the same. The maker becoming insolvent, the bank 
brings an action against B. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. The bank cannot recover. A had but limited authority, 
namely, to have the check cashed. The act of indorsing was not 
within the scope of his authority. A informed the bank of the 



20 AGENCY. 

extent af his authority, thus charging the bank with notice ; there- 
fore, as the lack of the agent's authority to make the indorsement 
was known to the baak, they cannot hold his principal liable. Bliss 
V. Sherrill, 24 App. Div. 280. 

Q. An agent, having a sample in his possession, warrants the 
goods to come up to the sample. When A, a purchaser, is sued 
for the purchase price, and he sets up the breach of the warranty, 
the plaintiff sets up that the agent had no authority. Is his de- 
fense to the counterclaim available ? 

A. No. An agent authorized to sell property must be presumed 
to possess such authority, to make such representations in regard 
to the quality and condition of the goods sold, as usually accom- 
panies such transactions. Therefore, an agent, who has been given 
authority to sell goods by sample, has implied power to warrant the 
quality of the goods, and that the bulk corresponds with the sam- 
ple. Mayer v. Dean, 115 N. Y. 556. 

Q. John Doe, a gentleman, engages B as his agent to purchase 
a coach horse for him, and limits him strictly to the price of f 5,000. 
B purchases a horse from C for the price of #6,000 on Doe's accept- 
ance, and offers it to Doe, who refuses because of the price. B 
then sues C for $5,000 which he has paid C, who knew nothing of 
the limitation on B's agency. Can B recover? 

A. Yes. It is very clear, that any one who proposes to deal with 
a special agent, has the right, in the first place, to know what au- 
thority he possesses and all limitations upon it. He deals with 
him at his peril, because he is bound to inquire into the nature and 
extent of the authority conferred. In this case, the sale was made 
conditional upon Doe's acceptance, and there was no fraud or con- 
cealment as Doe refused to accept ; there was no sale, and B could 
recover back the amount paid. " The principal is not to be bound 
b}' the acts of the special agent, beyond what he is authorized, be- 
cause he has not misled the party dealing with him, or enabled the 
iigent to practice any deception ; has never held the agent out as 
1 laving any general authority whatever in the premises, and if the 
other party trusts without inquiry, he trusts to the good faith of 
the agent, and not to that of the principal." Story on Agency, 
sec. 125. 



BAILMENTS. 21 



CHAPTER IL 

Bailments. 

Q. A takes fifty bushels of wheat to a miller to be made into 
flour. Miller sells the wheat to B.. What rights has A in the 
matter ? 

A. A can replevy the wheat from B, or sue either the miller or 
B for conversion. An agreement to deliver wheat to be manufac- 
tured into flour, is a bailment merely, and not a sale, and there- 
fore A may replevy the wheat- Mallory v. Willis, 4 N. Y. 76. 
Where a contract is made with a manufacturer to deliver to him 
raw materials to be returned manufactured, the contract is one of 
bailment and not of sale, and title to the articles when manufac- 
tured remains in the original owner. Foster v. Pettibone, 7 N. Y. 
433. The fundamental distinction between a bailment and a sale 
is, that in the former, the gubject of the contract, although in 
an altered form, is to be restored to the owner ; whilst in the latter, 
there is no obligation to"Veturn the specific article ; the party 
receiving it is at liberty to return some other thing of equal value 
in place of it. 

Q. A, a farmer, mades a contract with B, a, manufacturer, 
whereby A agrees to deliver to B certain produce, and B agrees to 
manufacture the same into pickles. It is also agreed between the 
parties that the pickles are to be sold, and the proceeds divided 
between them. The sheriff, upon an execution on a judgment 
against B, levies on the pickles. A sues the sheriff in conversion. 
Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. "When property in an unmanufactured state is deliv- 
ered by one person to another, upon a contract that it shall be 
manufactured or improved by his labor and skill, and when thus 
improved in value, shall be divided in certain proportions between 
the respective parties, or sold and the proceeds divided, it consti- 
tutes a bailment, and the original owner retains his exclusive title 
to the property until the contract is completely executed, although 



22 BAILMENTS. 

the labor to be performed by the bailee may be equal or even 
greater in value than that of the property when received by him." 
Sattler v. Hallock, 160 N. Y. 291. 

Q. A, a contractor, gives to B, a tailor, cloth to make 100 suits 
of clothes ; suits to be made according to a sample, and at a cer- 
tain price. B makes the clothes, but they are not according to the . 
sample, and A refuses to pay for them. Who has the title to the 
cloth while it is in the possession of B ? What are the rights of 
the parties ? 

A. Title remains in A, and B cannot recover as the suits were 
not made according to sample. The owner of materials who deliv- 
ers them to another to be manufactured into goods, does not lose 
his property therein, nor is he precluded by receiving the manu- 
factured articles from asserting his title, and at the same time, 
resisting a recovery for the work, on the ground that the workman 
has not performed his contract. See Mack v. Snell, 140 N. Y. 
193. 

Q. A and B contract, A to furnish the principal part of the 
materials, and B some minor materials, and to do the work neces- 
sary to make a quantity of shears, which are to correspond to a 
sample furnished by A. Part of the shears have been made and 
delivered, when it is found that they have a latent defect, and A 
refuses to take any more, or to pay for those already delivered. 

A. B has no rights. " The contract was one of bailment, and 
not of sale and purchase, and so title to the completed articles was 
at all times in the bailor, and this, notwithstanding his refusal to 
receive them ; the bailees having wholly failed to perform were not 
entitled to recover anything for their work ; and the acceptance of 
part of the articles, and the omission to return them on discovery 
of the defect, or to notify bailees thereof, did not preclude the 
bailor from claiming non-performance, as he had the absolute 
right to retain them, and was neither bound to inspect them, or to 
notify bailees of his objection; also the bailor was entitled to 
recover upon a counterclaim as damages, the difference, between 
the price agreed upon for bailee's work, and the value of the arti- 
cles had they been made according to sample." Mack v. Snell, 
supra. 



BAILMENTS. 23 

Q. A delivered to B 1,000 bushels of wheat from which he was 
to receive 200 barrels of flour. The miller placed his wheat in his 
granary, whicli, without negligence, was burnt. Upon whom does 
the loss fall? Why? 

A. The loss must fall upon A. This is a bailment and not a 
sale, as B was to deliver flour from the same wheat received. A 
bailee is only liable for loss occasioned by his own negligence. 
He is not an insurer. " The cases agree, that where a bailee of 
goods, although liable to their owner for their loss only in case of 
negligence, fails, nevertheless, upon their being demanded, to de- 
^liver them, or account for such non-delivery; this is to be treated 
as prima facie evidence of negligence. Burnel v. R. R., 45 N. Y. 
184; Steers v. Liverpool S. S. Co., 57 N. Y. 1;' Fairfax v. R. R. 
Co., 67 N. Y. 11. The rule proceeds either from the assumed ne- 
cessity of the case, it being presumed that the bailee has exclusive 
knowledge of the facts and that he is able to give the reason for 
his non-delivery, if any exist, other than his own act or fault, or 
upon a presumption that he actually retains the goods and by his 
refusal converts them. But where the refusal to deliver is ex- 
plained by the fact appearing that the goods have been lost, either 
destroyed by fire or stolen by thieves, and the bailee is therefore 
unable to deliver them, there is no prima facie evidence of his want 
of care, and the court will not assume in the absence of proof on 
tiie point, that such fire or theft was the result of his negligence. 
Schmidt V. Blood, 9 Wend. 269; Lamb v. R. R., 46 N. Y. 271. 
It will be seen, as the result of these authorities, that the burden 
is ordinarily upon the plaintiff alleging negligence, to pro^-^e it 
against a warehouseman who accounts for his failure to deliver by 
showing a destruction or loss from fire or theft. It is of course 
not intended to hold that a warehouseman, refusing to deliver 
goods, can impose any necessity of proof upon the owner by alleging 
as an excuse, that they have been stolen or burned. These facts 
must appear or be proved with reasonable certainty. The ware- 
houseman in the absence of bad faith is only liable for negligence. 
The plaintiff must in all cases, suing him for loss of goods, allege 
negligence and prove negligence. This burden is never shifted 
from him. If he proves the demand upon the warehouseman, and 
his refusal to deliver, these facts unexplained are treated by the 
courts as prima facie evidence of negligence ; but, if either, in the 
course of his proof or that of the defendant, it appears that the goods 



24 BAILMENTS. 

have been lost by theft, the evidence must show that the loss arose 
from the negligence of the warehouseman." Hand, J., in Claflin 
V. Meyer, 75 N. Y. 260. 

Q. A leaves a watch with a jeweler to be repaired. The shop 
was burglariously entered without fault of the jeweler, and A's ■ 
watch was stolen. A brings action against the jeweler. Can he 
recover? State the rule. 

A. Upon it appearing that the goods were lost by a burglary 
committed upon the defendant's shop, it was for the plaintiff to 
establish affirmatively, that such burglary was occasioned or wa» 
not prevented by reason of some negligence or omission of due 
care on the part of the jeweler, and as there was no fault or neg- 
ligence on the part of the jeweler, A clearly could not recover. 
The rule is, that the bailee is only liable for loss of goods when he 
has been negligent. Claflin v. Jleyer, supra. 

( XoTE. ) Negligence may in a proper case be presumed from the mere hap- 
pening of the accident, as where the bailee's warehouse in which the property 
is stored, collapses while repairs necessitated by a fire are being made. Kaiser 
V. Lattimer, 40 App. Div. 140. 

Q. A pledged with B two diamond studs. B placed one of the 
studs in his safe, and the other he wore in his necktie. There- 
after the stud in the safe was stolen, and subsequently thereto, the 
one in the tie was also stolen. A demands the return of the dia- 
monds, and upon B's failure to deliver them, brings suit. Can he 
recover ? 

A. He cannot recover as to the one stolen from the safe, but 
may recover as to the one stolen from the tie. A pawnbroker or 
bailee is only liable for ordinary diligence, and where his place of 
business is broken into, and articles pledged are stolen therefrom, 
he is not liable if he exercised ordinary diligence. Abbett v. Fred- 
erick, 56 How. Pr. 68. " Jewels held in pawn may be worn, if the 
pawnee takes care not to lose or injure them, the pawnee being lia- 
ble for any loss through theft or otherwise, which might happen in 
the wearing, for the pawn is so far in the nature of a depositum 
that it can be used but at the peril of the pawnee." Sheridan v. 
Presas, 18 Misc. 180. 

Q. A leaves his horse in first-class condition with B, to board, 
at the agreed price of $20 per month, telling B that he is not to use 



BAILMENTS. 25 

theAorse, and is only to give him such exercise as can be given 
with a halter. B does not heed these instructions and allows his 
wife to drive the horse, as a result of which the animal becomes 
foundered. When A finds this out, he refuses to pay board any 
longer for the horse and abandons him as utterly worthless. What 
action will A bring, and what will be the measui'e of damages ? 

A. A can sue in conversion, the measure of damages being the 
value of the horse. A bailee for hire who uses the property con- 
trary to instructions of the bailor, is liable for a conversion thereof. 
Collins V. Bennett, 46 N. Y. 490. 

Q. A delivered to B, a tailor, 1,000 yards of cloth which B agreed 
to make into trousers at il per pair. He makes and delivers 250 
pairs. He afterwards makes but refuses to deliver the rest of the 
trousers, until he is paid for all. A tenders at the rate of $1 per 
pair for the last lot, and sues for the return of the cloth. Give 
the nature of the transaction. Who is entitled to the cloth? 

Q. A made a contract with B whereby, he agreed to bind 1,000 
books at the rate of fift}' cents a book and deliver them in lots of a 
third at a time. The first two lots had been delivered, and A had 
not demanded or received any pay. A thSn refuses to deliver any 
more books until the whole amount has been paid. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. Where deliveries of property are made, under a single con- 
tract, by the owner to another, at different times, for the purpose of 
having work done thereon which adds to its value, a lien in favor of 
the person doing the work attaches to all the property in the same 
manner, as if it had all been delivered at one time ; and if a part is 
voluntarily returned without payment for the work, the workman 
retains his lien for all the work done on the property which remains 
in his possession ; the only effect of the return is a release of so 
much of the securities. The transaction is clearly a bailment, and 
the bailee can retain the rest of the property, till the whole debt i> 
paid. Morgan v. Congdon, 4 N. Y. 552. 

Q. A takes some gold to B, a jeweler, who agrees to make it 
into a chain for flOO, the money to be paid thirty day^ after the 
completion and delivery of the chain. When the chain is com- 
pleted, A demands it of B, but the latter refuses to give it up until 



26 BAILMENTS. 

he gets his pay, claiming an artisan's lien. Rights of A and B ? 
Stute ,your reasons. 

A. A has an absolute right to the chain. The agreement in this 
case, to deliver before receiving payment, is inconsistent with the 
retention of the lien, and th*efore B is estopped from setting it 
up. Where a particular time of payment is fixed by the contract, 
which is, or may be subsequent to the time when the owner is en- 
titled to a return of the property, there can be no lien. Wiles 
Laundering Co. v. Hahio, 105 N. Y. 234. 

Q. A delivered to B, a bookbinder, 1,000 books to be bound at 
f 1 each. P^ive hundred of the books were bound and delivered by the 
binder to A without exacting payment. The remaining 500. books 
were bound by B, and then pledged by him to C, as security for a loan 
-of 11,000. C refused to deliver the books to A on demand. A 
consults you. What is the nature of the transaction, and what 
are the respective rights of A, B and C under the circumstances? 

A. This is a bailment, and title to the books is in A, siiTsject, 
however, to B's lien for the work done upon it. B having a lien 
could pledge the same, and C acquired all B's rights to retain the 
books until the entire .amount due upon them, was paid by A. 
Wiles Laundering Co. v Hahlo, supra, a leading case. 

Q. A brings a wagon to B for repairs. It is worth 125 when 
taken. B repairs the wagon, increasing its value to $100. C has a 
judgment against B, and offers A $25 for his interest in the wagon. 
A refuses to accept it, C then levies on the wagon, and sells it 
under liis judgment against B. A brings an action against C. 
Can he recover, and what is the extent of the recovery ? 

Q. A buys an overcoat for 150, and takes it to a furrier, who 
agrees to furnish furs and line it for $150. After the furrier has 
completed the job, and the coat is ready for A, C, a creditor,' levies 
on the coat. A sues C in conversion, alleging -$200 damages. 
To whom does the coat belong? If judgment for A, for how 
much ? 

A. The owner of property, who delivers it to another for the 
purpose of having repairs done thereon, or other work which adds 
to its value, does not thereby lose his title to the property. There- 
fore, he may recover as damages from one who has converted the 



BAILMENTS. 27 

property, the value at the time of the conversion. Anything afBxed 
to one's property becomes a part of that property, and title to it 
passes to the owner. In both of these cases, therefore, A can 
recover the value of the property when taken. See Mack v. Snell, 
140 N. Y. 193. 

Q. A delivered goods to B. a warehouseman, C, the rightful 
owner of said goods, brings action against B who is compelled to 
pay $500 damages, their value. A dema.nds the goods from B, who 
refuses to deliver them. A sues B. Can he recover? 

A. The rule that a bailee cannot deny the title of his bailor, 
does not apply to a case where the bail^-has been compelled by 
action to pay for the property to one having the true title ; there- 
fore A here cannot recover from B. Cook v. Holt, 48 N. Y. 275. 



28 BILLS AND NOTES. 



CHAPTER III. 

Bills and Notes. 

Q. (No date.) 

Three montlis after date, I promise to pay to the order of X, $500 

in whea^ ' (Signed) A. B. It this a valid promissory note? 

When does it become due and payable ? 

A. This, is not a valid promissory note, as it is not payable in 
money. Sec. 20 of the N. Y. Neg. Inst. Law (Laws of 1897, chap. 
612) provides as follows: "An instrument to be negotiable must 
conform to the following requirements : 1. It must be in writ- 
ing and signed by tlie maker or drawer. 2. It must contain an 
unconditional promise or order to pay a sum certain in money. 
3. Must be payable on demand, or at a fixed or determinable future 
time. 4. Must be payable to order or to bearer- and 5. Where 
the instrument is addressed to a drawee, he must be named or 
otherwise indicated therein with reasonable certainty." If this 
instrument were negotiable, it would be payable thirty days from 
its delivery, as where an instrument is not dated, it will be 
considered to )3e dated as of the time when it was issued. Sec. 36, 
Neg. Inst. Law. The absence of a date from an instrument does 
not affect its negotiability. Sec. 25 of Neg. Inst. Law. 

Q. June 2, 1899. 

I promise to pay to the order of W $55 at my store, or ifi-geeds 
on demand. (Signed) T. P. Is this a valid promissory note ? 

A. Yes. This instrument has all the essential qualities of a 
negotiable promissory note. It is for the unconditional payment 
of a certain sum of money, at a specified time, to the payee's oi'der. 
It was not optional with the maker to pay in money or goods, and 
thus to fulfill his promise in either of two specified ways. In such 
case, the promise would have been in the alternative. If the 
holder chooses, he may surrender tlie note and receive goods, but 
that rests entirely with himself, and no choice is left to the debtor. 
Hostatter v. Wilson, 36 Barb. 307 ; Hodges v. Shuler, 22 N. Y. 



BILLS AND NOTES. 29 

114. The statute has left this rule unchanged. Sec. 24 of the 
Neg. Inst. Law provides that: "An instrument which contains 
an order or promise to do any act in addition to the payment of 
money is not negotiable. But the negotiable character of an in- 
strument is not affected by a provision which gives the holder 
an election to require something to be done in lieu of the payment 
of money." 

Q. Feb. 18, 1900. 

Pay A or order $2,000 out of the rents which you will collect 
from my building 265 Broadway. To B. (Signed) C. Is this 
a good bill of exchange ? 

A. Clearly not, as it is payable out of an uncertain fund. The 
test is, whether the drawee is confined to the particular fund, or 
whether though a particular fund is mentioned, the drawee may 
charge the bill to the general account of the drawer, if the des- 
ignated fund turns out to be insufficient. It must appear that 
the bill is drawn on the general credit of the drawer ; though it is 
no objection when so drawn, that a particular fund is specified, 
from which the drawer may reimburse himself. Hunger v. Shan- 
non, 61 N. Y. 251 ; Brill v. Tuttle, 81 N. Y. 457 ; The statute has 
not changed the law in this respect. Sec. 22 of the Neg. Inat. 
Law says : " An unqualified order or promise to pay is uncondi- 
tional within the meaning of this act, though coupled with : 1. An 
indication of a particular fund out of which reimbursement is to 
be made, or a particular account to be debited with the amount; 
or; 2. A statement of the transaction which gives rise to the in- 
strument. But an order or promise to pay out of a particular 
fund is not unconditional." 

Q. A indorsed for the accommodation of B the hitter's promissory 
note for $1,000, payable sixty days after date. The note was 
complete in form, except as to date and place of payment. A told 
B to date tlie note November 1, at the First National Bank, Boston. 
B, in fraud of his instructions, dated the note October 1, 1900, and 
made it payable at the Mechanics and Traders Bank, New York 
City, and then negotiated it in due course to C, who now sues A 
and B thereon. The above facts appearing, judgment for whom 
and why ? 

A. Judgment for C. It is well settled law, that if one affixes 



so BILLS AND NOTES. 

his signature to an incomplete promissory note and entrusts it to 
the custody of another for the purpose of having the blanks filled 
up, and thus becoming a party to a negotiable instrument, he 
thereby confers the right, and such instrument carries on its face 
an implied authority to fill up the blanks and complete the con- 
tract at pleasure as to name, terms and amount, date and place of 
payment, so far as consistent with its words. As to all purchasers 
for value without notice, the person to whom a blank note is entrusted 
must be deemed the agent of the signer, and the act of perfecting the 
instrument is deemed the act of the principal. An oral agreement be- 
tween such principal and agent limiting the manner in which the 
note shall be perfected, cannot affect the rights of an indorsee who 
takes the note before maturity for value in ignorance of such an agree- 
ment. Van Duzer v. Howe, 21 N. Y. 531 ; Redlich v. Doll, 54 
N. Y. 234 ; Weyerhauser v. Dunn, 100 N. Y. 150. Sec. 33 of the 
Neg. Law, 1897, is a substantial re-enactment of this rule, and is as 
follows : " Where the instrument is wanting in any material par- 
ticular, the person in possession thereof has a prima facie authority 
to complete it by filling up the blanks therein. And a signature 
on a blank paper delivered by the person making the signature in 
order that the paper may be converted into a negotiable instrument, 
operates as a prima facie authority to fill it up as such for any amount. 
In order, however, that any such instrument when completed may 
be enforced against any person who became a party thereto prior 
to its completion, it must be filled up strictly in accordance with the 
authority given, and within a reasonable time. But if any such 
instrument after completion is negotiated to a holder in due course, 
it is valid and effectual for all purposes . in his hands, and he may 
enforce it as if it had been filled up strictly in accordance with 
the authority given, and within a reasonable time." 

Q. A gives a note to B, of which the following is a copy: 
Buffalo, N. Y., Jan. 15, 1897. Sixty days after death, I promise 
to pay to B 85,000 for value received. (Signed) A. B is the 
son of A, and after A's death sues the personal representatives of 
A for the amount of the note. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. A bill or note payable so many days after the death 
of a party is certain as to time, because the time is sure to arrive. 
Carnright v. Gray, 127 N. Y. 92 ; Hegeman v. Moon, 181 N. Y. 
462. The Neg. Inst. Law, 1897, Sec. 23, is to the same effectj 



BILLS AND NOTKS. 31 

being as follows : " An instrument is payable at a determinable 
future time within the meaning of this act which is expressed to 
be payable: 1. At a fixed period after date or sight; or 2. On 
or before a fixed or determinable future time specified therein; or 
3. On or at a fixed period after the occurrence of a specified event, 
which is certain to happen though the time of happening be un- 
certain?' It will be noticed in this case that the instrument 
is not negotiable, as it does not contain words of negotia- 
bility. In Carnright v. Gray, supra, which was decided under 
the Revised Statutes, it was held that such an instrument car- 
ried with it a presumption of consideration. In the recent case 
of Deyo v. Thompson, 53 App. Div. 9, it was held that the 
Neg. Inst. Law, 1897, sec. 50, has repealed the provision of 
the Rev. Stat., and that the presumption of consideration ex- 
tends' t)nly to negotiable instruments ; that non-negotiable instru- 
ments do not import a consideration, and the burden is upon the 
party suing on such a note, to prove the existence of a considera- 
tion therefor by extrinsic evidence. 

Q. A's clerk made out a check payable to a fictitious person. 
A signed the check. The clerk then endorsed the name of the fic- 
titious person upon the clieck, and presented it to the bank for 
payment. The bank paid the amount of same, and charged it to 
A's account. A sues the bank. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. The rule that paper made payable to the order of a , 
fictitious person is treated as payable to bearer, applies only to in- 
struments put in circulation by the maker with knowledge that the 
name of the payee does not represent the name of a real person. 
" The maker's intention is the controlling consideration which de- 
termines the character of such paper. It cannot be treated as pay- 
able to bearer unless the maker knows the payee to be fictitious, 
and, actually intends to make the paper payable to a fictitious per- 
son." O'Brien, J., in Shipman v. Bank, 126 N. Y. 318. Sec. 26 of 
the Neg. Inst. Law of 1897, reaffirms this rule. 

Q. A drew a bill of exchange leaving the name of the drawer 
blank; addressed it to iiimself, and then wrote an acceptance 
across it. He placed it in his desk, and then left the office. While 
he was absent, B came in and stole the paper. B then filled it up 
with the drawer's name, and transferred it to 0, a bona fide holder. 
C sues A upon the instrument. Can he recover? 



32 BILLS AND NOTES. 

A, No. " The rule that a bona fide holder of an incomplete in- 
strument, negotiable, but for some lack capable of being supplied, 
has an implied authority to supply the omission, and to hold the 
maker thereon, only applies where the latter has by his own act or 
by the act of another, authorized, confided in, or invested with ap- 
parent authority by him, put the instrument into circulation as ne- 
gotiable paper. Where an instrument is stolen, a bona fide holder 
in such a case, acquires and can convey no title." Ledwich v. 
McKim, 5X3 N. Y. 307. Sec. 34 of the Neg. Inst. Law is in accord. 
It is as follows : " Where an incomplete instrument has not been 
delivered, it will not, if completed and negotiated without author- 
ity, be a valid contract in the hands of any holder, as against any 
person whose signature was placed thereon before delivery." 

Q. A gives B his agent authority to issue negotiable paper. B 
issues a note signing his own name as maker. Subsequently the 
instrument comes into the hands of C, who takes it for value be- 
fore maturity, and without notice. C sues A on the note. Is A 
liable? 

A. Clearly not. It is a well settled rule in the law of commer- 
cial paper, that persons taking negotiable instruments are pre- 
sumed to take them on the credit of the parties whose names 
appear upon them, and a person not a party to the instrument 
cannot be charged with liability thereon, upon proof that the os- 
tensible party signed as his agent. Pentz v. Stanton, 10 Wend. 
271 ; sec. 37 of the Neg. Inst. Law. 

(Note.) Where a note is signed by a person who adds the word "agent" to 
his name, the person signing, and not the undisclosed principal is liable thereon. 
Bank v. Love, 13 App. Div. 561. Sec. 39 of the Neg. Inst. Law is to the 
same efEect, and is as follows: " Where the instrument contains, or a person 
adds to his signature, words indicating tliat lie sigus for or on behalf of a 
principal, or in a representative capacity, he is not liable on the iastrument if 
lie was duly authorized; but the mere addition of words describing him as an 
agent, or as filling a representative character, without disclosing his principal 
does not exempt him from personal liability." 

Q- Buffalo, N. Y., June 10, 1896. 

Three months after date for value received, we promise to pay 
to the order of C, 1500 with interest at the First National Bank. 

(Signed) A, Pres. X Corporation. 
B, Treas. X Corporation. 
A and B were authorized to issue notes for the corporation, and 



BILLS AND NOTES. 33 

it was business paper. The bank had no notice of the transaction, 
except what was on the face of the paper. The banlc sued A and 
B individually. Are they liable ? Give your reasons. 

A. Yes. This is not the note of the corporation, but merely 
the note of the officers A and B. The words " president and treas- 
urer" are purely descriptive. " Where a negotiable promissory 
note has been given for the payment of a debt contracted by a 
corporation, and the language of the promise does not disclose the 
corporate obligation, and the signatures to the paper are in the names 
of individuals, a holder, taking bona fide, and without notice of 
the circumstances of its making is entitled to hold the note as the 
personal undertaking of its signers, notwithstanding they affix 
to their names the title of an office. Such an affix will be re- 
garded as descriptive of the persons and not of the character of 
the liability. Unless the promise purports to be by the corpora- 
tion, it is that of the persons who subscribe to it ; and the fact of 
adding to their names an abbi'cviation of some official title has 
no legal signification as qualifying their obligation, and imposes no 
obligation upon the corporation whose officers they may be. This 
must be regarded as the long and well-settled rule." Gray, J., in 
Casoo Nat. Bank v. Clark, 139 N. Y. 307. 

Q. A, a creditor, has dealings with B, as agent of C, which A 
knows. B buys goods as agent, which A is aware of. B gives 
A a note for the price, signed " B, agent for C." Whose note is it, 
and against whom can it be collected? 

A. In this case, the principal would be liable to A. Where the 
names of both principal and agent appear on a negotiable instru- 
ment, in such a manner as to render it doubtful as to whom credit 
was given, parol evidence is admissible between the original parties 
to the instrument, and others affected with notice, to remove the 
doubt. " Where individuals subscribe their names to a note, prima 
facie they are personally liable, although thej'^ add a description 
of the character in which the note was given ; but such presump- 
tion of liability maj' be rebutted by proof that the note wa&in fact 
given by the makers as agents of a principal, or officers of a cor- 
poration for a debt of the principal or corporation due to the payee, 
and that they were duly authorized to make such note as agents 
or officers." Brockway v. Allen, 17 Wend. 40. In Schmittler v. 
Simon, 114 N. Y. 177, the court, citing Brockway v. Allen, supra, 
3 



34 BILLS AND NOTES. 

with approval, says: '*'A like presumption exists in that, as in 
this case, that the added designation is description personse, and 
the right to show the fact otherwise, is dependent upon the knowl- 
edge of the other party to the contract that such was the purpose 
when it was made." 

Q. A is the executor of an estate, and gives the ordinary prom- 
issory note for goods purchased for the estate, and signs " A, ex- 
ecutor." Is there a personal liability on the note against A? 

A. Yes. The addition of an official character, to the signatures^_ 
of executors and administrators, in signing instruments and ex- 
ecuting contracts has no significance, and operates merely to 
identify the person, and not to limit or qualify the liability. Pin- 
ney v. Admrs., 8 Wend. 500; Schmittler v. Simon, 101 N. Y. 
554. See also sec. 39 of Neg. Inst. Law of 1897. 

Q. A forges B's name as maker to a promissory note. It comes 
into the hands of G, a holder in due course. B refuses to pay the 
same, and C brings action against him. Can he recover? 

A. Clearly not. As this note had no valid inception, it could 
not be made valid by subsequent negotiation. The rule that a 
forged instrument cannot be validated has long been well settled, 
and is re-embodied in sec. 42 of the Neg. Inst. Law, which is as 
follows : " Where a signature is forged, or made without authority 
of the person whose signature it purports to be, it is wholly in- 
operative, and no right to retain the instrument or to give a dis- 
charge therefor, or to enforce payment thereof against any party 
thereto, can be acquired through or under such signature, unless 
the party against whom it is sought to be set up is precluded from 
setting up the forgery or want of authority." 

Q. A gives his note to B for a debt which he owes B. Upon 
suit on the note by B, A defends on the ground of no considera- 
tion. Judgment for whom and why. 

A. Judgment for B. While in a simple contract, this would not 
be held to be a sufficient consideration, yet under the Neg. Inst. 
Law of 1897, sec. 51, it would be a good consideration. This S6i$^ 
tion provides as follows : " Value is any consideration sufficient to 
support a simple contract. An antecedent or pre-existing debt 



BILLS AND NOTES. 35 

constitutes value ; and is deemed such whether, the instrument is 

payable on demand or at a future time." 

(Note. ) " Absence or failure of consideration is matter of defense as against 
any person not a holder in due course; and partial failure of consideration is a 
defense pro tanto whether the failure is an ascertained and liquidated amount 
or otlierwise." Sec. 54 of Neg. Inst. Law. 

Q. A makes a note for the accommodation of B. B transfers it 
for value to C. C, at the time of taking the note, knew that A 
was only aii accommodation party. C sues A on the instrument. 
Can he recover? 

A. C can recover. It has been held before the statute (Grocer's 
Bank v. Penfield, 69 N. Y. 502) that wliere a promissory note is 
made for the accommodation of the payee, without restrictions as to 
its use, an indorsee taking it in good faith for value can recover 
thereon against the maker. Sec. 55 of the Neg. Inst. Law is very 
explicit upon this point. It is as follows : "An accommodation 
party is one who has signed the instrument as maker, drawer, ac- 
ceptor, or indorser, without receiving value therefor, and for the 
purpose of lending his name to some other person. Such a person 
is liable on the instrument to a holder for value, notwithstanding 
such holder at the time of taking such instrument knew him to be 
an accommodation party." 

Q. A, the cashier of the X Bank, sent to the Y Bank to be dis- 
counted, a bill of exchange payable to the order of " A, cashier," 
indorsed by him with the same addition to his signature. The Y 
Bank sues ;the X Bank as indoi'ser on the bill. Judgment for 
whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the Y Bank. It was uniformly held before 
the statute, that circumstances such as these, imported that the 
indorsement was that of the bank in the regular course of business, 
and not that of the cashier individually. Bank of Genesee v. 
Patchin Bank, 19 N. Y. 312. Sec. 72 of the Neg. Inst. Law has 
preserved this rule. It is as follows : " Where an instrument is 
drawn or indorsed to a person as cashier or other fiscal officer -of a 
bank or corporation, it is deemed prima facie to be payable to the 
bank'vor corporation of which he is such officer; and may be nego- 
tiated by eitlier the indorsement of the bank or corporation, or the 
indorsement of the officer." 



36 BILLS AND NOTES. 

Q. A, the holder of a note on which there are six indorsements, 
strikes out the second and third. Thereafter he sues X and Y 
who are the fourth and fifth indorsers respectively on the note, the 
same having been dishonored. Can he recover? State the rule. 

A. No. Sec. 78 of the Neg. Inst. Law of 1897 answers this 
question. This section is as follows: '-The holder may at any 
time strike out any indorsement which is not necessary to his title. 
The indorser whose indorsement is struck out, and all indorsements 
subsequent to him, are thereby relieved from liability on the instru- 
ment."' 

Q. A gives to B his promissory note for |500, payable in thirty 
days to B's order. The note is procured through fraud. B trans- 
fers the note for value without indorsement to C. Thereafter C 
gets notice of the fraud and gets B to indorse the note. C then 
sues A on the note. Can he recover ? Give reasons. 

A. C cannot recover. A subsequent indorsement made after 
notice of the maker's defense to the instrument, although the paper 
was transferred for value without notice of the defense, will not 
relate back to the time of the transfer so as to cut off the equities 
of the maker agaiiist the payee. Goshen Nat. Bank v. Bingham, 
118 N. Y. 349. This rule continues in effect under sec. 79 of the 
Neg. Inst. Law, which reads : " Where the holder of an instrument 
payable to his order transfers it for value without indorsing it, the 
transfer vests in the transferee such title as the transferror had 
therein, and the transferee acquires, in addition, the right to have 
the indorsement of the transferror. But for the purpose of deter-, 
mijoing whether the..±rana£ere.e is a holcbFia3n£c!Q urs"e7 t¥e negai 
-tiatioii-4akea_a2ect_as_aLthe iinie whenJ;he^indorss.ai£Ilt.is. actually 
made." 

Q. A makes a note to B or order. It is duly indorsed by B, C, 
I), and E, the last indorsing it over to B, the original holder. De- 
fault and due notice, etc. B sues the maker and all the indorsera. 
Advise all parties. 

A. B cannot recover against C, D, and E. B's rights against 
them as last indorser are merged in his liability as first indorser g 
to them. His only remedy is against A. This rule prevents cir-' 
cuity of action, and is stated in sec. 80 of the Neg. Inst. Law as 
follows : " Where an instrument is negotiated back to a prior party. 



BILLS AND NOTES. 37 

stich party may, subject to the provisions of this act, reissue and 
further negotiate the same. But he is not entitled to enforce pay- 
ment thereof against any intervening party to whom he was per- 
sonally liable." 

Q. A gives a negotiable note to B for 135. Subsequently a de- 
mand arises in favor of A against B for S3Cf. B transfers the note 
before maturity for value and without notice, to C. C sues A on 
the note. A sets up a counterclaim against C which he has against 
B. C demurs. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. The demurrer must be sustained. C is a holder in due course, 
and the counterclaim, which would have been available against B, 
cannot be set up against him. This rule is contained in sec. 96 of 
the Neg. Inst. Law. It is as fqllows : " A holder in due course 
holds the instrument free from any defect of title of prior parties, 
and free from defenses available to prior parties among themselves, 
and may enforce payment of the instrument for the full amount 
ijhereof against all parties liable thereon." 

Q. C was indebted to B for coal, and indorsed to him certain 
promissory notes payabfe^to-C's order before maturity, made by D, 
in payment of tobacco sold by C to D. B entered C's account with 
the full face value of the notes, including the accrued interest 
tJiereon. The notes were not paid at maturity. B sues D, the 
maker. D answers and admits the making of the note, transfer 
and non-payment thereof, and sets up affirmatively a breach of the 
contract of sale of the tobacco by C, for which the notes were 
given, and claims damages therefor to the amount of the notes as 
a set-off. B demurs to the answer. Judgment for whom and 
why? 

A. Judgment for B. B is a holder in due course, and therefore 
the defenses are not available against him, under sec. 96, Neg. Inst. 
Law. That B is a holder in due course will be seen from sec. 91, 
which is as follows : " A holder in due course is a holder who has 
taken the instrument under the following conditions: l.\Thatit 
is complete and regular upon its face. 2. That he became the holder 
of it before it was overdue, and without notice that it had been 
previously dishonored, if such was the fact. 3. That he took it in 
good faith and for value. 4. That at the time it was negotiated 



S8 ■ BILLS AND NOTES. 

to him he had no notice of any infirmity in the instrument or de- 
fect in the title of the person negotiating it." 

Q. A note is usurious in its inception. It is transferred to A for 
value without notice before matuiity, and there is nothing on the 
face of the note showing usury. Can A recover from the maker? 

A. No. Usury has always been considered a real defense in this 
state, and no recovery is allowed on the instrument even by a holder 
in due course. The rule is well stated by Vann, J., in Claflin v. 
Boorum, 122 N. Y. 385, wliere hi; says in part : " The loan, when 
made, was a violation of the statute, and the notes were thus ren- 
dered absolutely void, and no subsequent transaction could make 
them valid. Even if, as the plaintiffs claim, they purchased the 
notes before maturity for value and without notice, they cannot 
enforce them, because the vice of usury follows a promissory note 
into the hands of a bona fide holder. A note, void in its inception 
for usury, continues void forever, wliatever its subsequent history 
may be. It is as void in the liands of an innocent holder for value 
as it was in the hands of those who made the usurious contract. 
No vitality can be given to it by sale or exchange, because that 
which the statute has declared void cannot be made valid by pass- 
ing through the channels of trade." TJie Neg. Inst. Law, 1897, has 
not changed this rule. 

(Note.) The distinction between real and personal defenses is called atten- 
tion to. It still exists under the Neg. Inst. Law. A person wliose title is de- 
fective mast be distinguished from one who has no title at all and who can 
confer none, as for example one who makes title through a forged indorsement. 
Sec. 94, deiiiiing defective title, is as follows: "The title of a person who 
negotiates an instrument is defective witliin tlie meaning of this act, when he 
obtains the instrument, or any signature thereto, by fraud, duress, or force 
and fear, or other unlawful means, or for an illegal consideration, or when he 
negotiates it in breach of faith, or under such circumstances as amount to a 
fraud." 

Q. A negotiable promissory note not usurious in its inception, 
but subsequently becoming so, comes into the hands of A, a bona 
fide holder for value without notice. He sues the maker, wlio 
pleads the usury as a defense. State the rule governing the rights 
and liabilities of the maker and the owner of the note under the - 
circumstances. 

A. A can recover from the maker. The subsequent usurious 
transaction in nowise affects the maker, who has already become 



BILLS ANt) KOTES. 39 

bound upon the instrument. The subsequent negotiation of a 
note upon a usurious consideration cannot defeat an action thereon 
against the maker by the holder if the instrument had a legal in- 
ception. All subsequent transfers of a valid note are treated as 
so many sales of chattels, and any fraud or usury between inter- 
mediate parties, while they are defenses between those parties among 
themselves, are not available to the maker. Cameron v. Chappell, 
24 Wend. 94. Catlin v. Gunther, 11 N. Y. 368. This rule con- 
tinues in force under the Neg. Inst. Law. See sect. 98. 

Q. A has a negotiable note. The note is stolen. B acquires 
the same in due course and before maturity. At the maturity 
thereof B presents the note for payment to A. A says the note was 
stolen from him, and refuses to pay. B sues A on the note. Can 
he recover ? 

A. Yes. It is elementary that a thief can convey good title to 
negotiable paper, although he cannot do so on the sale of a chattel. 
In order that a recovery may be had by the holder, he must have 
taken the instrument under such circumstances as to make him a 
holder in due course. He must have taken the instrument in good 
faith ; mere negligence will not defeat a recovery. " He is not 
bound at his peril to be on the alert for circumstances which might 
possibly excite the suspicion of wary vigilance ; he does not owe 
to the party who puts the paper afloat the duty of active inquiry 
in order to avert the imputation of bad faith. The rights of the 
holder are to be determined by the simple test of honesty and good 
faith, and not b}' a speculative issue as to his diligence or negli- 
gence. The holder's rights cannot be defeated without proof of 
actual notice oj the defeat in title or bad faith on his part evidenced 
by circumstances. Though he may have been negligent in taking 
the paper, and omitted precautions which a prudent man would 
have taken, nevertheless, unless he acted mala fide, his title, ac- 
cording to settled doctrine, will prevail." O'Brien, J., in Cheever 
V. R. R., 150 N. Y. 59. The Neg. Inst. Law, sec. 95, is in full 
accord with this statement of the rule. 

Q. A makes his promissory note payable to the order of B. B 
transfers it for value before maturity to C, who takes it without 
notice of the fact that B had procured the note through fraud. C 



40- 6ILLS AND NOTES. 

after maturity of the instrument indorses it to D, who ta,kes with 
notice. D sues A upon the note. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. D, the indorsee, steps into the shoes of his indorser C, 
and as C was a holder in due course, and took the instrument free 
from all defenses, D succeeds to his rights. As C so held the 
note, his title and rights thereto were sucli, that they could not 
be defeated by A. In the transfer, the title and rights held by 
him passed to D. The notice which D may have had of the fraud 
ill the original transaction does not defeat the rights he acquired 
by tlie transfer. One reason of the rule is obvious. The maker 
of the note would be liable to the transfeiror ; his condition is 
made no harder by the note coming into the hands of one having 
notice of its infirmities. Sec. 97 of the Neg. Inst. Law, continues 
this rule. It is as follows : " In the hands of any holder other 
than a holder in due course, a negotiable instrument is subject 
to the same defenses as if it were non-negotiable. But a holder 
who derives his title through a holder in due coui'se, and who is 
not himself a party to any fraud or illegality affecting the instru- 
ment, has all the rights of such former holder in respect of all par- 
ties prior to the latter." 

Q. A indorses a note to B, with which to pay a certain other 
note in the X Bank. A is not liable on the first note. B goes to 
the cashier of the X Bank and states the facts to him, but says 
that he wishes to have the note discounted so that he might pay 
still another note, and that he will pay the one then due within a 
few days. B paid the note as agreed. The discounted note was 
not paid when due, and the X Bank sues A upon the note. Judg- 
ment for whom and why ? 

A. A is not liable. The bank was informed of the facts, and 
therefore took with notice ; having done so it does not occupy the 
position of a holder in due course. Nickerson v. Ruger, 76 N. Y. 
279. 

Q. A holds a check drawn upon the X Bank by B. As a mat- 
ter of fact B's signature is a forgery, but A is ignorant of the fact. 
A has the X Bank certify the check. Later A presents the check 
for payment, and the bank refuses to honor it. In an action by A 
against the bank, the latter sets up forgery as a defense. State 
the rights of the parties. 



BILLS AND N^OMS. 41, 

A. The bank is liable. Where a check is certified by a bank 
upon which it is drawn, the certification is equivalent to an ac- 
ceptance. Sec. 323 of the Neg. Inst. Law. " For more than a 
century it has been held without question, that it is incumbent 
upon the drawee of a bill to be satisfied that the signature of tiie 
drawer is genuine, that he is presumed to know the handwritinj>- 
of his correspondent, and if Jie accepts or pays a bill to which tiie 
drawer's name has been forged, he is bound by the act, and can 
neither repudiate the acceptance nor recover the money paid." Al- 
len, J., in Nat. Park Bank v. Ninth Xat. Bank, 46 N. Y. 77. 

Q. A drew a check on the X Bank payable to B. B lost the 
check, and the finder thereof forged B's name and negotiated it. 
Jt came into the hands of C, a holder in due course. C presented 
to the bank which paid the same. The bank, upon discovering 
the above facts, sues to recover back the money paid on the check. 
What are the rights of t)\e parties? 

A. Judgment for the bank. " The drawee of a draft or check 
is supposed to know the signature of the di-awer, but the same 
knowledge of signature of an indorser is not imputable to him, and 
by acceptance or payment he does not admit or guaranty the gen- 
uineness of the signature of the payee, and money so paid maybe 
recovered back, on the ground that it was paid under a mistake of 
facts." Holt V. Ross, 54 N. Y. 472. 

(Note.) " A bank by certifying a (slieck in tlie usual form, simply certifies 
to the genuineness of tlie signature of the drawer, and that he has funds suf- 
ficient to meet it, and engages that those funds will not be withdrawn from 
the bank by him ; it does not warrant the genuineness of the body of the check 
as to payee or amount. Where a bank certifies a, check, which has been al- 
tered by changing the date, name of the payee, and raising the amount, and 
subsequently pays the same, it may recover l)a(!k the amount paid. The bank 
is not under a d uty to take precautions against subsequent fraudulent altera- 
tions; it is the drawer wlio has control over its form." Marine Nat. Bank v. 
Nat. City Bank, 59 N. Y. 67. 

Q. A signed a no^e as surety, and underneath his name wrote 
" Utica, N. Y." At maturity uie note was not paid, and the notary 
who protested it, knowing A's residence and place of business was 
at Rome, N. Y., mailed the notice of protest to A, 22, Castle St., 
Rome, N. Y. A never received it. Is A liable? Why ? 

A. Yes, because he signed as surety. The undertaking of A 
was not conditional like that of an indorser, nor was it upon any 



42 BILLS AND NOISES. 

condition whatever. It was an absolute undertaking that the note 
should be paid by the maker at maturity. VVlien the maker failed 
to pay, A's contract was broken, and the plaintiff had a complete 
right of action against him. It was no part of the agreement that 
tlie plaintiff should give notice of the non-payment, nor that he 
siiould sue the maker, or use any diligence to get the money from 
liim. The point was decided long ago that the undertaking of a 
surety on a note like the one in question is not conditional, but 
an absolute undertaking that the maker will pay the note when 
due. Allen v. Rightmere, 20 Jolins. 365 ; Brown v. Curtis, 2 N. 
Y. 225. Sec. 113. Neg. Inst. Law, has not changed this rule, and 
is as follows : " A person plachig his signature upon an instrument 
otherwise than as maker, di'awer or acceptor, is deemed to be an 
indorser, unless he clearly indicates by appropriate words his in- 
tention to be bound in some other capacity." Under this section, 
however, there is no reason wliy one should not bhid himself as 
guarantor or surety to a holder in due course, if he clearly indicates 
such an intent. As the place where the notice was sent does not 
affect the liability in this case, the question of notice will be dis- 
cussed in the answer to a subsequent question in this chapter. 

Q. A is the holder of an instrument payable to bearer. The 
instrument unknown to him, had been given upon a usurious con- 
sideration. He transfers the note to B for value by delivering it to- 
him. B subsequently sues the maker and is defeated, the defense 
of usury having been set up. He then sues A. Can he recover ? 
Answer fully. 

A. No. Where the holder of a promissory note which is tainted 
with usury, transfers the same for a valuable consideration without 
indorsement and witiiout representations as to its legality, in the 
absence of knowledge on liLs part at the time of the transfer of the 
defect, no warranty against it will be implied, and an action can- 
not .be maintained against him for the loss sustained. A scienter ~ 
is essential to establish a warranty as to the validity of the note. 
Littauer v. Goldman, 72 N. Y. 506. If the instrument is a forgery, 
the transferee can recover back the amount he paid to his trans- 
ferror, as there is an implied warranty of genuineness of the instru- 
ment. In such cases, scienter or knowledge is not necessary in order 
to hold the transferror liable. Whitney v. Bank of Potsdam, 45 N. 
Y. ^B^ Sec. 115, Neg. Inst. Law, covers these points, being as fol- 



BILLS AKD KOTES. 4S 

lows : " Every person negotiating an instrument by delivery or by 
a qualified indorsement, wai-rants ; 1. That the instrument is gen- 
uine and in all respects what it purports to be. 2. That lie has a 
good title to it. 3. That all prior parties had capacity to contract. 
■1. That he has no knowledge of any fact which would impair the 
validity of the instrument or render it valueless. But when the 
negotiation is by delivery only, the warranty extends in favor of 
no holder other than the immediate transferee." 

Q. A, B, and C are the successive indorsers on a promissojy 
note for i300. iVt maturity the note is not paid, and A pays it. 
A then sues B and C each for $100 contribution, and offers in 
evidence a parol agreement made by A, B, and C at the time of the 
indorsement, that tliere should be contribution among them. Is 
the evidence admissible ? 

A. Yes. The indorsers can agree among themselves to share the 
loss equally. The terms of the contract contained in instruments 
of this character which are within its scope to define and regulate, 
cannot be clianged by parol ; but the understanding between the 
indorsers is a distinct and separate subject, an outside matter, 
which may be properly proved independent of, and without any re- 
gard to the instrument itself. Barry v. Ranson, 12 N. Y. 462 ; 
Easterly v. Barber, 66 N. Y. 433. Sec. 118 of the Neg. Inst. Law 
recognizes this rule, and is as follows : " As respects one another, 
indorsers are liable prima facie in the order in which they indorse, 
but evidence is admissible to show that as between or among them- 
selves they have agreed otherwise." 

Q. A's name appears first as an indorser of a promissory note ; 
B's name appears secoi\d on the same note.- A, in a suit by thei 
holder against him as first indorser, attempts to show that in reality , 
B signed first, and that tliey agreed betw^n themselves that B 
should be primarily liable. Can he show it ? 

A. No. While tlie evidence as -we have seen would be admissible 
as between A and B, yet it cannot be admitted in a suit by the 
holder ; as to him the indorsers are liable in the order in which they- 
indorse, and also jointly and severally, and no evidence can be ad- 
mitted to vary this liability. Hubbard v. Gurney, 64 N. Y. 457. 
Sec. 118 only allows evidence to show that as between or among 
themselves they hfive agreed to become bound in a different capacity. 



44 felLLS AND iJotfiS. 

Q. A gives B his promissory note for good consideration, payable 
at the Mechanics Bank, Troy, N. Y. On the day of payment B 
goes to the bank and inquires if the note is paid. B does not 
protest the note, but goes to A's place of business, tells him that 
the note is not paid, and then and there demands payment of A. 
A refuses to pay. B brings suit on the note. Can he recover? 

A. Judgment for B. It is not necessary to present the instru- 
ment, give notice of dishonor, or notice of protest in order to hold 
the maker liable. Sec. 130 of the Neg. Inst. Law provides as fol- 
lows : " Presentment for payment is not necessary in order to 
charge the person primarily liable on the instrument ; but if the 
instrument is by its terms payable at a special place, and he is able 
and willing to pay it there at maturity, such ability and willingness 
are equivalent to a tender of payriient on his part. But except as 
herein otherwise provided, presentment for payment is necessary in 
order to charge the drawer and indorsers." Protest is not necessary 
according to sec. 189, which is as follows : " Where any negotiable 
instrument has been dishonored, it may be protested for non-ac- 
ceptance or non-payment, as the case may be ; but protest is not 
i-equired except in the case of foreign bills of exchange." Notice 
of dishonor need not be given to the maker, but must be given to 
the drawer and indorsers in order to hold them liable. See. 160. 

Q. A makes a note payable three months after date at his bank. 
B indorses the same. The note falls due on Saturday, and the 
holder presents the note and protests it for non-payment on that 
day. Both A and B set up the want of a legal demand and pre-, 
sentment. Is this defense good ? 

A. The defense is good. Sec. 146 of the Neg. Inst. Law pro- 
vides as follows : " Every negotiable instrument is payable at the 
time fixed therein without grace. When the day of maturity falls 
on Sunday, or a holiday, the instrument is payable on the next 
succeeding business day. Instruments falling due on Saturday are 
to be presented for payment on the next succeeding business day, 
except that instruments payable on demand may, at the option of 
the holder, be presented for payment before 12 o'clock noon on 
Saturday when that entire day is not a holiday." It will be noticed 
that this instrument was payable at a certain period after date, and 
not on demand, therefore presentment was not accOrdiug to the 
statute, and hence of no efi^t. 



BILLS AND NOTES. 45 

Q. X is the maker of a promissory note. Y is an indorser who 
has a store in Buffalo where he resides. Z is a farmer into whose 
hands the note has come in the regular course of husiness. On 
the day of maturity Z goes to X, and showing the note, asks for 
the money. X refuses to pay. Desiring to save notarial fees Z 
goes to Y's store the next day, and throwing the note down on the 
counter, says : " There, X has refused to pay that note and I want 
you to do so." Y refuses, and in a few days tliereafter, Z hears 
something of the necessity of notice of dishonor or protest. Has 
the indorser been discharged^ Discuss fully. 

A. No. The oral notice of dishonor given here is sufficient, ac- 
cording to sec. 167 of the Neg. Inst. Law, which says : " The no- 
tice may be in writing, or merely oral, and may be given in any 
terms which sufficiently identify the instrument, and indicate that 
it has been dishonored by non-acceptance or non-payment. It may 
in all cases be given by delivering it personally or through the 
mails." The notice was given in the proper time. Sec. 174 pro- 
vides : " Where the peraon giving, and the person to receive notice 
reside in the same place, notice must be given within the following 
tune : 1. If given at the place of business of the person to receive 
notice, it must be "given before the cl6se of business hours on the 
day following. 2. If given at his residence it must be given before 
the usual hours of rest on the day following. 3. If sent by mail, 
it must be deposited in the post office in time to reach him in usual 
course on the day following." Sec. 176 provides: "Where the 
jjerson giving, and the person to receive notice, reside in different 
places, the notice must be gi«ren within the following tipie : 1. If 
sent by mail, it must be deposited in the post office in time to go 
by mail the day following the day of dishonor, or if there be ho 
mail at'a convenient hour of that day, by the next day thereafter. 
2. If given otherwise than through the post office, then within the 
time that notice would have been received in due course of mail, 
if it had been deposited in the post office within the time specified 
in the last sub-division." 

Q. A was an indorser on a promissory note made by B,^iscounted 
by the X Bank. The note was protested for non-payment, and 
notice thereof given by the bank, by depositing the same in the 
post office, properl}' addressed to A. A never received the notice, 
it having been stolen and destroyed before delivery by a dishonest 



46 BILLS AND NOTES. 

post office employee. Because of its non-receipt, A lost an oppor- 
tunity of saving himself, and lie now claims that he is not liable 
as an indorser because he did not receive the notice. Is he liable ? 
State the rule. 

A. A is liable. Sec. 176, Neg. Inst. Law, covers this point. It 
is as follows : " Where notice of dishonor is duly addressed and 
deposited iu the post office, the sender is deemed to have given due 
notice, notwithstanding any miscarriage in the mails." Sec. 177 
should also be noticed in this connection. It is as follows : " No- 
tice is deemed to have been deposited in the post office, when de- 
posited in any branch post office, or in any letter box under the 
control of the post office department." 

Q. A, doing business in N. Y. City, indorses in that city a prom- 
issory note which was dated and discounted there. His indorse- 
ment did not give specific directions as to where notice of dishonor 
should be sent, and the bank duly mailed notice to the street and 
number in Albany where A resided. A failed to get the notice in 
time, and thereby lost an opportunit}^ of saving the debt. Is he 
liable on his indorsement, and why? 

A. Yes. The notice was sent to the proper place, according to 
the provisions of sec. 179 which says : " Wliere a party has added 
an address to his signature, the notice of dishonor must be sent 
to that address ; but if he has not given such address, then the 
notice must be sent as follows : 1. Either to the post office nearest 
to his place of business, or to the post office where he is accustomed 
to receive his lOitters ; or 2. If he li^'e in one place, and have his 
place of business in another, notice ma}' be sent to either placfe^; 
or 3. If he is sojourning in another place, notice may be sent to 
the place where he is so sojourning. But where the notice is ac- 
tually received within the time specified in this act, it will be 
sufficient, thougli not sent in accordance with the requirements of 
this section." 

Q. A indorsed a note of B^and took back a chattel mortgage' 
to secure him therefor. The note came into the hands of C, -a 
bona fide holder except as to the mortgage. When the note be- 
came due, C relying upon the security held by A, failed and 
neglected to present the note and protested the same, which fact 
A sets up as a defense in an action against him. Judgment-, for 
whom and why ? 



BILLS AND :notbs. 47 

A. In the case of Otsego Bank v. Warren, 18 Barb. 290, it was 
held that it was not necessary for the holder to give notice to the 
indorser who had taken security. The Neg. Inst. Law of 1897 is 
silent upon this point, and the intent of the framers very probably 
was not to change the existing law. Sec. 186 naming the cases 
in which notice need not be given to an indorser does not make 
any provision for it. 

Q. A makes a promissory note payable to B. B indorses it to C. 
The note is not paid at maturity. C fails to ^give notice to B in 
proper time. B subsequently"promises to pay the amount of the 
note, but -thereafter when €• demands payment he refuses to pay. 
C sues B. Can be recover? State the rule. 

A. Yes. The rule is stated in the headnote to the case of 
Ross v. Hurd, 71 N. Y. 14, as follows : " Where an indorser 
of a. promissory note v^o has been discharged from liability, 
by the failure of the holder to give notice of non-payment, with, 
full notice of the laches of the holder, unequivpcally consents 
to continue his liability as though due protest has been made, 
he waives his right to object, and stands in the same position 
as if proper steps had been taken to charge him. The assent of 
the indorser to be bound may be established by any transaction 
between him and the holder which clearly indicates such intent. 
The assent, however, must be clearly established, and will not be 
inferred from doubtful or equivocal acts or language. A promise 
by an indorser to pay a note or bill, after he has been discharged 
by the failure to give hira notice of its dishonor, will bind him, 
provided he had full knowledge of the laches when the promise 
was made. A promise made under these circumstances affords 
the clearest evidence that the indorser does not intend to take ad- 
vantage of the laches of the holder, and the law without any new 
consideration moving between the parties gives effect to the 
promise." The statute has not altered this rule, as will be seen 
from an examination of sec. 180, which is as follows : " Notice of 
dishonor may be waived, either before the time of giving notice 
has arrived, or after the omission to give due notice, and the 
waiver may be expressed or implied." 

Q. A and B who are partners indorse a promissory note made 
by X. X fails to pay the note at maturity, and the holder gives 



48 BILLS AND NOTES. 

notice of dishouor to A only. The firm of A and B had been dis- 
solved by mutual consent before the maturity of the instrument, 
which fact the holder knew. The holder now sues B, A being 
irresponsible. B sets up the want of legal notice. Judgment for 
whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the holder. The notice given to one partner 
binds his copartner, even though such notice be given after the 
dissolution of the firm. The implied agency of the one partner 
for the other continues for this purpose after dissolution. Hubbard 
V. JVIatthews, 54 N. Y. 43. It is otherwise as to mere joint 
debtors, the notice to one not binding the other, unless he lias ex- 
press authority to receive the same. Willis v. Green, 5 Hill 232. 
The statutes continues these rules without change. Sec. 170 
says : " Where the parties to be notified are partners, notice to 
any one partner is notice to the firm, even though there has been 
a dissolution." Sec. 171 reads: " Noti9e to joint debtors who are 
not partners must be given to each of them, unless one of them 
has authority to receive sucb notice for the other." 

Q. A is indorser on C's promissory- note, which is overdue, and 
notice of protest has been served on both A and C. A requests 
the holder to proceed at once against the maker as he fears that in 
a short time C, will be unable to pay. The h'older neglects to do 
so, and C fails. The holder sues A and C on the note.. Judgment 
for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the holder. If the indorser of an overdue note 
demands of tbe holder that he proceed against the maker, of whofti 
tbe amount could then be collected, but who subsequently becomes 
insolvent, and the holder neglects or refuses to do so, the in- 
dorser is not discharged thereby While it is true that the indorser 
occupies a position similar to that of a surety, he also has a sep- 
arate liability, his duty being to take up the instrument when dis- 
honored. Trimble v. Thorn, 16 Johns. 152 ; Newcomb v. Hale, 
90 N. Y. 326, 329. 

Q. A is a bona fide holder of a note for one year, signed by B 
and C, apparently as joint makers, and does not know that C is 
only surety for B. A extends the time of payment for another 
year on consideration that B give A a chattel mortgage as addi- 



BILLS AND NOTES. 49 

tional security. What are the rights and liabilities of C ? Rea- 
sons. State the general rule. 

A. C is not discharged. The general rule is that any extension 
of time by a valid agreement will discharge the indorsers ; and for 
this purpose the contract must be supported by a valid considera- 
tion. The reason commonly given for this rule is, that the position 
of the indorser or surety would be jeopardized by the extension of 
time, his rights and remedies being suspended thereby. Gary v. 
White, 52 N. Y. 138 ; Smith v. Erwin, 77 N. Y. 486. But in this 
case, as against A who was a holder in due course, B and C must 
be treated as joint makers, and one of them cannot be released by 
an extension of time to his joint maker. Where a person has 
signed as surety a joint and several promissory note, and it does 
not appear by the instrument itself that such relation existed, he 
may prove such facts by parol. Such proof does not tend to alter 
the contract ; but this can only be shown in suits by the payee or 
others affected with notice, and not in a suit by a bona fide holder. 
Hubbard v. Gurney, 64 N. Y. 457 : Brink v. Stratton, 64 App. 
Div. 331. 

(Note.) Sec. 201 of the Neg. Inst. Law specifies the cases in which a per- 
son secondarily liable is discharged, and is as follows: " A person secondarily 
liable on an instrument is discharged: 1. By any act which discharges the in- 
strument. 2. By the intentional cancellation of his signature by the liolder. 
3. By the discharge of a prior party. 4. By a valid tender of payment made 
by a prior party. 5. By a release of the principal debtor, unless the holder's 
right of recourse against the party secondarily liable is expressly reserved. 
6. By any agreement binding upon the holder to extend the time of payment, I 
or to postpone the holder's right to enforce the instrument, unless the right 1 
of recourse is expressly reserved." ' 

Q. A is the holder of a past due promissory note. By a binding 
agreement he allows C, the maker, three months' additional time 
in which to pay. D is an indorser for value upon the note before 
its maturity. Is he released by the agreement of A with C ? 

A. Yes. It is the duty of an indorser of a note to take it up 
upon its dishonor. The indorser, however, can only succeed to the 
rights of the holder ; when he takes up" the note he steps into the 
shoes of the holder, and would be bound by any agreement of the 
latter with the maker. Here, as the holder extended the time of 
payment, the extension being binding upon the indorser would tie 
up hi.s hands for the period of the extension and thus impair his 
4 



50 BILLS AND NOTES. 

rights ; and this according to the settled rule would discharge him 
from liability. Green v. Bates, 74 N. Y. 333. 

Q. A gives his note to B, no interest being specified. B adds 
interest thereto and conveys the same for value before maturity 
to C, who takes it without notice. Can C enforce the note against 
A for principal and interest? Discuss fully. 

A. No. C can, however, recover the amount of the principal, as 
he is a holder in due course. This was a material alteration ac- 
cording to sec. 206 of tlie Neg. Inst. Law, which is as follows : 
" Any alteration which changes : 1. The date. 2. The sum pay- 
able, either for principal 9r interest. 3. The time or place of pay- 
ment. 4. The number or relations of the parties. 5. The medium 
of currency in which payment is to be made; or which adds a 
place of payment where no place of payment is specified, or any 
other change or addition which alters the effect of the instrument 
in any respect, is a material alteration." Before the enactment of 
the statute, a material alteration avoided and discharged the in- 
strument, except as against a party who made or assented to the 
alteration. The alteration extinguished all remedies. Benedict 
V. Cowden, 49 N. Y. 396 ; Dinsmore v. Duncan, 57 N. Y. 581. 
The statute has mitigated the rigor of the common-law rule in 
favor of a holder in due course, and allows a recovery by him ac- 
cording to the original tenor of the instrument, as will be seen from 
sec. 205, which is as follows : " Where a negotiable instrument is 
materially altered without the assent of all parties liable thereon, 
it is avoided, except as against a party who has himself made, au- 
thorized or assented to the alteration, and subsequent indorsers. 
But when an instrument has been materially altered and is in the 
hands of a holder in due course, not a party to the alteration, lie 
may enforce payment thereof according to its original tenor." 

Q. A draws a check on the X Bank payable to B for |200. He 
negligently leaves a blank space so that the amount is raised to 
12,000. The bank pays out this amount. A sues the bank for 
the amount it hasjiver paid. Can he recover? 

•^ A.'^o. While the general rule is that a bank may only pay 
out the funds of a depositor in the usual course of business and in 
conformity to his direction, and it is not entitled to charge to him 
any payments, except those made at the time when and to the per- 



BILLS AISTD NOTES. 51 

son to whom, and for the amount authorized by him, and where a 
check properly drawn by the customer has been subsequently al- 
tered in a material point without his consent, even if done so skill- 
fully as to defy detection on examination, the bank is responsible 
for an omission to discover the original terms and conditions thereof ; 
yet where the maker has been negligent, he is estopped and cannot 
i-ecover. This doctrine has been recognized since the early Eng- 
lish case of Young v. Grote, 4 Bing. 253, and followed in tliis 
state in the case of Crawford v. Bank, 100 N. Y. 50. See also 
Critten v. Chemical Nat. Bank, 171 N. .Y.-S* ■?^/ 

Q. A drew a certain check on the X Bank for il,000 and de- 
livered the same to B for value, who indorsed it to C for value. C 
had the X Bank -certify it, all taking place in a reasonable time. 
The day after the certification, the X Bank fails. C consults you 
as to his rights and remedies on the check. A and B are both 
responsible. What would you advise him to do ? Give your rea- 
sons. 

A. C has no rights. Where the holder of a check presents the 
same to the drawee when due, and procures it to be certified in- 
stead of paid, it is as between him and the drawer and indorsers 
treated as payment, and operates to dijjcliarge them from liability 
thereon. F^irst Nat. Bank v. Leach, 52 N. Y. 350. Sec. 324 of 
the Neg. Inst. Law of 1897 is to the same effect. 

Q. A, a resident of Ohio borrows !|5,000 in New York City from 
B, a resident of that city, for use in Ohio. A note is given for 
securit}^ dated at New York City, payable in Ohio. The legal 
rate of interest in Ohio is 10^/, in New York 6^t- Upon default, 
suit is brought in New York state, claiming interest at 10^. A 
sets up the defense of usury. What are the rights of the parties? 
What law governs ? 

A. A's defense must fail. It is well settled by the decisions in 
this state, that commercial paper executed in one state, and pay- 
able in another is governed by the law of the state in which it is 
payable. Bowen v. Newell, 13 N. Y. 290. 



52 CABBIBRS. 



CHAPTER IV. 
Carriers. 

Q. What is a common carrier, and what are his duties ? 

A. A common carrier is one, who undertakes for hire to trans- 
port the goods of all who choose to employ him. It is the duty 
of every common carrier to receive for carriage, and to carry the 
goods of any person tendered to it for transportation, provided 
they are such as it holds itself out as willing to carry, and the 
party tendering them offers to pay its proper charges. See Fish 
V. Clark, 2 Lans. (N. Y.) 176. Such a duty is attached to every 
person or corporation who becomes a common carrier, and under 
it, no carrier can refuse to accept goods of any customer, except 
for just cause, nor can any carrier afford to one shipper facilities 
not granted to another under same circumstances. A special con- 
tract to carry need not be shown. Mere delivery and acceptance, 
imply a contract to carry. Delivery is a sufficient consideration 
for the undertaking to carry. The carrier is liable to an action 
for refusal or failure to carry. Elaintiff, in such an action, must 
show the wrongful refusal or failure to cari;y his goods, was the 
proximate cause of the loss complained of. The duty to accept 
for carriage, and to carry goods tendered is not an absolute duty 
on the part of- the .carrier, but is subject to reasonable limitations 
and conditions ; a carrier is not a connnon carrier as to everj' char- 
acter of goods, but only as to such as he professes to carry; he 
may therefore refuse to accept for transportation, goods of a char- 
acter which is not his business or custom to carry, and wluch he 
does not hold liimself ouf as willing or undertaking to carry. See 
5 Amer. & Eng. Ency. of Law (2d ed.) 158. 

Q. Is a sleeping car company a common carrier ? A, a traveler, 
upon retiring for the night to his berth in a sleeping car, places 
under his pillow 1500. It is stolen by a thief. A sues the com- 
pany. Can he recover ? 

A. It is well settled that a sleeping car company is not a com- 



,'~\ CARKIBES. 53 

(7 \ 
mon carrieiC There is, however, an obligation on its part, to ex- 
ercise reasonable care and vigilance over the persons and property 
of its passengers, especially while they are sleeping. The com- 
pany is bound, and it is its right to preserve order and enforce 
proper decorum, as well as to keep reasonable watch over the per- 
sons and propei'ty of its passengers. Welch v. R. R., 16 Abb. Pr. 
(N. S.) ;j52. "Money necessary for the payment of expenses of 
a journey undertaken, which is carried in the trunk of a passenger, 
is part of his baggage, and if lost while in the custody of the car- 
rier, it is liable. But carriers do not undertake to safely carry 
and deliver the effects of passengers not delivered into their cus- 
tody, and it cannot be held, that money in a passenger's clothing 
worn during the day, and placed under his pillow at night, is in 
the custody of a corporation which carries and furnishes travelers 
with berths in sleeping coaches." Carpenter v. R. R., 124 N. Y. 
53. 

Q. The A Manufacturing Co. agrees with the N. Y. C. R. R. 
Co., that in consideration of giving all its shipping business to said 
i-oad, the latter agrees to transport all its freight at a lower rate 
than that charged to other shippers. Objection is raised to this 
by the B Co., another customer of the road. Is the objection 
valid ? 

A. The objection is not valid. " While a common carrier is 
bound to convey and deliver goods for a reasonable compensation, 
and may not, where tlie circumstances and conditions are the 
same, unreasonably or uiijustl)' discriminate in favor of one against 
another, it may make a discount from its general rates in favor of 
a particular customer or class of customers in isolated cases, and 
for special conditions. A carrier may, by special agreement, give 
reduced rates to customers who stipulate to give it all their busi- 
ness, and refuse those rates to others who are not willing to so 
stipulate, provided the charge exacted from those' others is not 
excessive or unreasonable." Lough v. Outerbridge, 143 N. Y. 
271. 

Q. Goods are transported by a common carrier from New York 
to Buffalo. On the way, the train is derailed, and train wreckers 
secure some of the freight. The owners of the freight sue the rail- 
road company. Is the company liable ? 



54 CAKBIEKS. 

A. Yes. The uommon carrier's liabilities absolute. The carrier 
is an insurer of the safety of tiie goods. It is liable for all loss, ex- 
cept that caused by the '■ act of God," " public enemy,'" or some " in- 
herent defect in the goods." In this case, the loss clearly was not 
caused by the public enemy, within the meaning of that term as 
used in the law of carriers. By " public enemy " is meant, not 
merely lawless men in general, but armed forces with whom the 
country is at war. Merritt v. Earle, 29 N. Y. llf.b 

(Note.) The '.'act of God," signifies the violence of nature, such as storms, 
earthquakes, and unprecedented floods, not caused by any human interven- 
tion. To relieve the carrier from liability, the " act of God " must be the sole 
and immediate cause of the loss. Unprecedented floods of such magnitude, 
that the ordinary safeguards provided by'the carrier are wholly insufBoient. 
to withstand their effects, are within the term " act of God," and the car- 
rier is not liable for a loss resulting from such a cause, unless it appears that 
his own want of care was the proximate cause of the loss. McFadden v. K. R., 
44 N. Y. 478. 

Q. A entered into a contract with B, whereby he agreed to trans- 
port from New York to St. Louis, Mo., and safely deliver in thirty- 
days, certain goods at a certain price. A expected to transport the 
goods by way of a canal in Pennsylvania. In consequence of an 
unusual freshet, this canal was not navigable, and the goods were 
detained for fifteen days, and did not arrive in St. Louis until 
twenty days after the time specified in the contract. B sues A for 
breach of contract. The latter sets up as a defense that the delay 
was caused by the " act of God." Can B recover ? 

A. Yes. If a carrier undertakes by special contract to deliver 
goods at the point of destination at a fixed time, it is bound to do 
so, and is liable for a failure to do so within the prescribed time. 
Inevitable accident, or the " act of God " is no defense. Harmony 
V. Bingham, 12 N. Y. 99. 

Q. A makes an agreement with a railroad company, whereby in 
consideration of a reduced rate, he releases the company from all 
claims for any damage or injury, " from whatsoever cause arising." • 
The goods are lost through the negligence of the company. A sues 
the company. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. " While it is settled in New York, that a common car- 
rier can stipulate against liability for loss resulting from his own 
negligence, by special agreement, yet the contract will not be con- 



CARKIEBS. 55 

strued as exempting the carrier from liability for negligence, unless 
it is expressed in unequivocal terms. In this case, the exemption 
did not specifically include a loss arising from the carrier's negli- 
gence, and for such loss it must be held liable." Maynard v. R. R., 
71 N. Y. 180. 

Q. A ships goods by the N. Y. C. R. R. Co., and agrees to limit 
the amount of the company's liability for loss, to an amount not 
exceeding 15,000. The goods are lost, and A sues the company 
for ilO,000, which he alleges is the actual value of the goods. The 
company sets up the agreement as a defense. Judgment for whom, 
and for how much ? 

A. Judgment for A, for $5,000. " Where the shipper of prop- 
ertj' enters into a contract with a carrier, whereby it is stipulated 
that in the event of loss or injury resulting from causes which would 
make the carrier liable, the liability shall be limited to an amount 
not exceeding a valuation specified, the shipper, in case of loss or 
injury, can recover no more than the sum specified." Zimmer v. 
R. R., 137 N. Y. 460. 

Q. A was a passenger on the D. L. & W. R. R. While seated 
in the train, he gave his baggage checks to the agent of the D Ex- 
press Co., to have the baggage sent to his residence in New York. 
He received in return therefor, a printed receipt which contained 
a statement limiting the liability of the company to f 100. The 
car at the time was so dark that he could not read the printed 
matter, and he therefore did not do so. The express company 
fails to deliver. A sues the express company. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. The nature of the transaction was not such as would 
make the passenger believe that the receipt contained a contract. 
Where a railroad passenger in a dimly lighted car receives a 
receipt for baggage on which a contract is printed in fine type so 
as not to be easily read by a passenger ; if he fails to see it, he is 
not bound by its terms. It was so held in Blossom v. Dodd, 43 
N. Y. 264. 

(Note.) Where a traveler, on delivery of baggage to a local express company, 
receives a paper, which he has a right to regard as a receipt, to enable him to 
follow and identify his property, and no notice is given him that it embodies 
the terms of a special contract, his omission to read the paper is not negligence, 
and he is not bound by its terms. There must be notice either actual or con- 



56 CARRIERS. 

structive. The notice " read this ticket," etc., must be printed in large type at 
some conspicuous place on the ticket, so as to be easily read, in order to charge 
the party receiving it witli constructive notice. Madan v. Scherard, 73 \. Y. 
329. ''It is incumbent upim a shipper to acquaint himself with the contents 
of a contract executed by him, and although he fails to do so, will be held 
chargeable with knowledge thereof. The cases where parties proposiffg to 
have articles o£ property transported by a carrier, deliberately enter into some 
necessary contract relating to the transportation, differ materially from those 
cases of travelers who commit their trunks or articles of baggage to an agent 
of some express or transportation company, and receive at the moment some 
paper whicli, as had been said, amounts simply to a voucher enabling them to 
follow and identify their property. There is a distinction between conti-acts 
of shipments of merchandise, and sucli contracts as local express companies 
endeavor to force upon travelers. While a carrier may limit its liability by 
express contract, the burden rests upon it to show that the passenger assented, 
to the terms of such receipt." Grrossman v. Dodd, 63 Hun, 324. 

Q. A makes an oral agreement with a railroad company in re- 
gard to shipping goods. After the goods were shipped, and on 
the same day, the company gave him a biU of lading containing con- 
ditions not in the oral agreement. The goods are lost under such 
conditions that the bill of lading does not cover the loss. A sues 
the compan}^ Can he recover? 

A. Yes. " Where goods are shipped under a verbal agreement 
for the transportation thereof, such agreement is not merged in a 
bill of lading, partly written and partly printed, delivered to the 
shipper, after he has parted with the control of his goods, although 
such bill of lading by its terms limited the liability of the carrier, 
and expressed on its face that by accepting it, the shipper agreed 
to the conditions. The mere receipt of the bill, after the verbal 
agreement had been acted upon, and the shippers omitting, through 
inadvertence, to examine the printed conditions, are not sufficient 
to conclude him from showing what the actual agreement was un- 
der which the goods had been shipped." Bostwick v. R. R., 46 
N. Y. 712. 

Q. A shipped his trunk at the N. Y. C. R. R. Co., in New York 
City for Albany, and the next day called for the trunk at Albany. 
It could not be found. A sues the company, proves delivery to 
the company, the contract, the demand and value. The company 
does not offer any evidence. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgmeiit for A. Non-delivery or delivery in bad condition 
of goods is prima facie evidence of negligence. If another than 



CABKIEBS. 57 

plaintiff is not named as consignee, plaintiff's evidence, that the 
carrier's contract was made with himself, is sufficient proof of his 
title. Therefore, here A's evidence establishes his title, and the 
company's negligence, and he must recover. Canfield v. R. R., 
93 N. Y. 532. 

Q. A ships goods by railroad to B from Troy to Rochester. The 
goods arrived safely and property at Rochester. The railroad com- 
pany notifies B to take the goods. B fails to do so, and the rail- 
road stores the goods in one of its warehouses. A week later the 
goods are destroyed by fire without negligence on the part of the 
railroad. At the trial on the above facts, both sides moved for 
judgment. On what ground did the plaintiff base his motion? 
On what ground did the defendant base his motion ? What did 
the court say? 

A. The ruling of the court must have been, that the sole ques- 
tion involved was whether or not one week was a reasonable time 
for the consignee to remove the goods. " The duty of common 
carriers by railroad as to the delivery of goods at the place of 
destination, is subject to the following rules : If the consignee is 
present upon their arrival, he must take them without unreason- 
able delay. If he is not presejit, but lives at or in the immediate 
vicinity of the place of delivery, tlie carrier must notify him of 
their arrival, and he then has a reasonable time in which to remove 
them. If he is absent, unknown or cannot be found, then the 
carrier can place them in his freight house, and if the consignee 
does not call for them in a reasonable time, the liability as a com- 
mon carrier ceases. If the consignee has a reasonable opportunity 
to remove them, and does not, he cannot hold the carrier as an 
insurer." Fenner v. R. R., 44 N. Y. 505. See also Faulkner v. 
Hart, 82 X. Y. 413. 

(Note.) "Wlmt constitutes a reasonable time cannot be measured by any 
arbitrary or inflexible rule, but depends upon the circumstances of each case, 
and if the facts are undisputed, it is a que-stion of law for the courts to de- 
termine. After the liability of a railroad company as a common carrier ceases, 
towards the owner of the trunk checked by it, it still owes a duty to him, 
although its strict liability as a carrier has been changed to a modified liability, 
such as that of a warehouseman, and it can be charged with responsibility for 
the loss of the trunk, only on the ground that it was negligent, and failed as 
such warehouseman to discharge in full the duty it owed to the owner of the 
trunk." Mortland v. K. K., 81 Hun, 473. A common carrier need not give 



68 CAEEIBKS. 

uotice to a consignor, in the absence of a contract to that efEeot. Weed v. 
Barney, 45 N. Y. 344. 

Q. A ships goods to B by the D. L. & W. R. R. to Elmira, N. Y. 
The company notifies B, who calls at the ofiSce at 5 P. M. on the ■ 
day of arrival, and asks the company to keep the goods for him 
until the next morning, which the company agreed to do. A fire 
breaks out during the night, and the goods are consumed without 
any negligence on the part of the company. B sues the company 
for the value of the goods. Can he recover ? 

A. No. " When the consignee has notice of the arrival of his 
goods, and without any refusal or unwillingness on the part of the 
carrier to deliver, agrees with the latter for their mutual conven- 
ience, that the goods be left over night in the freight house, the 
liability as a common carrier has ceased, and the goods being de- 
stroyed by fire during the night, the company cannot be held as an 
insurer." Fenner v. R. R., supra. 

Q. A, an inhabitant of Cairo, 111., shipped goods by the Illinois 
Central to Byron Rogers, 50 Chambers St., N. Y. City. At Buffalo, 
the N. Y. Central, by its tralfic arrangement with the 111. Central, 
took the goods for the purpose of carrying them through to New 
York. By an error of the N. Y. Central agents, the address became 
changed to Bryan and Roger, and as the latter was an unknown 
firm in New York, after ten days, in which the railroad company 
tried to find the consignee, the railroad stored the goods with a 
reputable warehouse. The goods were subsequently destroyed by 
fire, through no fault of the bailee. The consignee wishes to bring 
suit for the value of the goods. Whom would you sue ? 

A. The consignee has a I'ight of action against the New York Cen- 
tral. " In the case of the transportation of property over several rail- 
roads, constituting a connecting line, neither companj' is the agent 
of the owner; each exercises an independent contract with the 
owner, and is responsible for its own negligence, and it cannot make 
the owner responsible for the negligence of a connecting road." 
Sherman v. R. R., 64 N. Y. 254. 

Q. X, a swindler in Rome, N. Y., orders goods of the Y. Co. 
of Buffalo in the name of John Doe & Co., a fictitious firm. The 
Y Co. ships the goods by the N. Y. C. R. R. Co. The raili-oad com- 



CAREIBES. 59 

pany delivers them to X, who absconds with the goods'. The Y 
Co. sues tlie railroad company. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the Y Co. " Where a common carrier without 
requiring evidence of identity, delivers goods to a stranger which 
have been fraudulently ordered by the latter in the name of a fic- 
titious firm, and which have been shipped in compliance with the 
order directed to the fictitious firm, the carrier is liable to the con- 
signor for their value." Price v. R. R., 50 N. Y. 21-3. 

Q. A, a passenger on the Erie R. R. Co., finding no vacant seat 
in the ordinary cai', entered the drawing room car, which was not 
owned by the railroad company, and took a seat there. When 
called upon for an extra fare he refused to pay, but announced his 
willingness to go into another car if a seat were provided for him 
there. The porter of the drawing room car, who was in the employ 
of the owner of that car, forcibly ejected him. A sues the railroad 
company. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. The railroad company is liable for the assault. "A 
railroad company cannot relieve itself of its obligations and liabili- 
ties as a common carrier of passengers, to those passengers who 
make use of the accommodations afforded by sleeping, palace, or 
drawing room cars. The porter of the drawing room or sleeping car 
is, in the performance of the duties of the railroad company under its 
contract, the servant of that companj^, although it does not hire or 
pay the porter. A railroad company by the sale of a ticket for pas- 
sage on its road, assumes the obligation, and undertakes absolutely 
to protect the passenger against any injury from negligence or 
wilful misconduct of its servants while performing its contract. 
Whatever may be the motive which incites the servant to commit 
an unlawful or improper act towards the passenger, during the exis- 
tence of the relation of carrier and passenger, the carrier is liable 
for the act, and its natural and legitimate consequences." Thorpe 
V. R. R., 76 N. Y. 402. See also Dwinelle v. R. R., 120 N. Y. 117. 

Q. A, a passenger on a street railway car, is struck by the con- 
ductor of said car without provocation on A's part. A sues the 
company for damages. The company defends, on the ground that 
the act of the conductor was malicious, and not within the scope 
of his employment. Is the defense good ? Judgment for whom 
and why ? 



60 CAKRIERS. 

A. Judgment for A. " The rule relieving a master from liability 
for a malicious injury inflicted by his servant, when not acting 
within the scope of his employment, does not apply as between a 
common carrier of passengers, and a passenger. Such a carrier 
undertakes to protect a passenger against any injury resulting from 
the negligence or wilful misconduct of its servants, while engaged 
in performing a duty which the carrier owes to the passengers. The 
carrier's obligation is to carry his passengers safel}' and properly, 
and to treat them respectfully, and if he entrusts this duty to his 
servants, the law holds him responsible for the manner in which 
they execute the trust." Stewart v. R. R., 90 N. Y. 588. 

Q. X, a passenger on a street railway car, uses profane and in- 
sulting language to the conductor of said car, whereupon the latter 
strikes and severely injures him. X sues the company. Can he 
recover ? Give your reasons. 

A. No. " While it is true that the use of the abusive language 
to the conductor did not justify the assault, so far as the conductor 
was concerned, in the eyes of the criminal law, there is no reason 
for holding that where a passenger, bj^ his own improper and in- 
sulting behavior while a passenger, brought upon himself the as- 
sault, that the carrier should be held responsible. It is clear that 
the conductor was not acting within the course of his employment, 
and the defendant could only be held liable under the rule, that 
the carrier was responsible for the wilful acts of its servants ; but 
such rule can have no application to a case, where the injury was 
brought about by improper behavior of the passenger, which caused 
the assault of which he complained." Scott v. R. R., 53 Hun, 414 ; 
Kosters v. R. R., 151 N. Y. 630. 

Q. A goes to a station of the X Railroad Co., and tenders a |2 
bill in payment for a ticket. The ticket agent has been notified 
by the police authorities, to watch for men of a certaiii description, 
suspected of passing counterfeit bills. The agent suspected A of 
being one of the counterfeiters wanted by the police, and thought 
the bill looked queer, but nevertheless took it, and gave back the 
change with the ticket saying nothing to A. The agent then sent 
for a police officer, to whom he pointed out A who was then on the 
station platform. The bill was subsequently pronounced to be 
genuine, and A was discharged. A brings action against the com- 
pany. Can he recover ? 



CARBIBES. 61 

A. No. The company is not responsible, because the agent was 
not, in what he did, acting within the scope and line of his duty. 
His acts were not such as would be deemed to be performed in the 
course of his employment, or such as were demanded for the pro- 
tection of his employer's interest, but rather those of a citizen, de- 
sirous of aiding the police in the detection and arrest of persons 
suspected of being engaged in, the commission of a crime. His 
duty, as the particular agent of the company, was to have refused 
to accept and change the bill tendered in payment for the passage 
ticket, if he supposed it was not genuine ; and when he did accept 
it, his only purpose could have been to further the efforts of tlie 
police authorities by such a step, and could not possibly be consid- 
ered as something which his employer or employment required of 
him. Here the ticket agent was not acting for the protection of 
the company's interests, but went quite outside of the line of his 
duty to perform a supposed service to the community, by procur- 
ing the arrest of criminals whom he knew the authorities were en- 
deavoring to apprehend. Mulligan v. R. R., 129 N. Y. 506. 

Q. A purchased a ticket of the agent at an elevated railroad sta- 
tion, and passed through to take the cars after some dispute about 
the amount of the change. The ticket agent immediately after- 
wards came out upon the platform of the station, charged him with 
having given him a counterfeit piece of money, and demanded an- 
other coin in place of it. A insisted upon the money being gen- 
uine, and refused to give another coin or to hand back the change. 
The ticket agent called him a counterfeiter, and detained him in 
the station until he could procure a policeman to arrest and search 
him. The charge proving unfounded, A brings action against the 
company. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. This case must be distinguished from the preceding, 
case, in that the act done was within the agent's authority and for 
tlie company's interests.^ " Here the agent was acting for his em- 
ployers, and with no other conceivable motive ; losing his temper 
and injuring and insulting the plaintiff upon the occasion. He 
believed that plaintiff had passed a counterfeit piece of money 
upon him, and thus had obtained a passage ticket and good money 
in change. What he did was in the endeavor to protect and to 
recover his employer's property ; and if, in his conduct, he com- 
mitted an error, which was accompanied by insulting language and 



62 CABEIEES. 

the detention of the person, the defendant, as his employer, is le- 
gally responsible in an action for damages for the injury. For all 
the acts of a servant or agent which are done in the prosecution of 
the business entrusted to him, the carrier becomes civilly liable, if 
its passengers or strangers receive injury therefrom. The good 
faith and motive of the defendant are not a defense, if the act was 
unlawful. Though injury and insults are acts in departure of the 
authoritj' inferred or implied, nevertheless as they occur in the 
course of the employment, the master becomes responsible for the 
wrong committed." Gray, J., in Palmeri v. R. R.,. 133 N. Y. 261. 

Q. A tramp was stealing a ride on a railroad .car. A brake- 
man employed by the raUroad company kicked the tramp off the 
car whil^ it was in motion. The tramp fell under the wheels of 
the car, and was injured. He brings suit against the railroad 
company, which defends : 1. That the plaintiff was a trespasser. 
2. That the brakeman was not acting within the scope of his 
employmen^T- Judgment for whom and why? 

A. The company is liable. The company had a right to remove 
plaintiff from the car but not by the unreasonable and improper 
means which they used, and which subjected him to unnecessary 
danger. It is true in this case, that the plaintiff was a trespasser, 
and the company owed him no duty of protection. Its servants 
had a right to remove him from the car, but could not subject 
him to any extra hazard in doing so, or to so violently assault him 
as to cause him to fall from it. Although he was a trespasser, 
they owed him the duty not to subject him to danger. Although 
the brakeman's act was unreasonable and ill-timed, yet it was 
clearly within the scope of his employment, for it was his duty to 
expel trespassers from the train. McCann v. R. R., 117 N. Y. 505 ; 
,Ansteth v. R. R., 145 N. Y. 210. 

Q. A wished to cross a street which was blocked by vehicles 
and by the car of the X Railway Co. He mounted the platform 
of the car for the purpose of reaching the other side of the street, and 
in doing so, was struck by the driver of the car, causing him to 
fall and severely injure himself. He sues the company. Can he 
recover? Give reasons. 

A. The company is liable. Where a street car is stopped, so as 
to obstruct the passage of a traveler on foot desiring to cross the 



GAEEIEBS. 68 

street, it is not a trespass or wrongful act on his part to step 
upon and pass over the car, in order to avoid the obstruction ; he 
has a right to do so. The company had no right to remove the 
plaintiff from the platform, and lience could confer none on its 
servants. The driver was acting within the course of his employ- 
ment in keeping the platform clear. Therefore A can recover. 
Shea V. R. R., 62 N. Y. 180. 

Q. A, a conductor on a freight train, invites B, who is walking 
along the road, to come aboard the train. B does so. While on 
the car, he is injured by the negligence of the company's employees. 
B sues the company. Can he recover ? 

A. No. B was not riding as a passenger, and therefore had no 
rights as such. The conductor had no authority, actual or appar- 
ent, to invite him to board the train, and the company cannot be 
held liable. Eaton v. R. R., 57 N. Y. 3^2. 

(Note.) In Ulrioh v. R. R., 108 oST. T. 80, one traveling on a free pass was in- 
jured by a collision due to the negligence of the railroad company. Upon the- 
pass was an indorsement releasing the company from liability in case of acci- 
dent. Held : that the person was not a passenger, and could not recover against 
the railroad company. 

Q. A, a passenger on a street car, informs the conductor that B. 
a fellow passenger, is intoxicated and threatens to strike him, 
The conductor pays no attention to this. B strikes A, injuring 
him severely. A sues the company. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. "A railroad company is not responsible for the wrong- 
ful acts of a passenger, but it is bound to exercise the utmost 
vigUance in maintaining order and guarding its passengers against 
violence. It has authority to refuse to receive as a passenger, one 
who so demeans himself, so as to endanger the safety, or interferes 
with the reasonable comforts and convenience of other passengers ; 
and this police power, the conductor or other servant in charge of 
the car is bound to' exercise with all the means at its command 
when the occasion requires. If this duty is neglected, and in con- 
sequence a passenger receives injury which might have been 
reasonably anticipated, the company is liable. The fact, that an 
individual has drank to excess will not, in every case, warrant his 
expulsion ; it is rather the effect upon him, and that by reason of 
intoxication, he is dangerous and annoying to others, that gives 
the right and imposes the duty of expulsion. The conductor is 



64 ^ CABRIBRS. 

only called upon to act upon improprietieB or offenses witnessed by 
or made known to him ; and the company can only be charged for 
the neglect of some duty, arising from circumstances of which the 
conductor was cognizant, or of which in the dischiu-ge of his duties 
he ought to have been cognizant." Putnam v. R. R., 55 N. Y. 108. 



CODE AND PLEiMSIKa. 



65 



CHAPTER V. 
Code and Plfeaditti^. 

Q. Draw a summons in a divorce 6iis6. 

A. Supreme Court, 

County of New York. 



John Bkown, Flaintiff, 

against 
Maky Brown, Defendant. 



Action for a Divobce. 



To the above named Defendant : 

You are hereby summoned to answer the complaint in this action, 
and to serve a copy of your answer on the plaintiff's attorney with- 
in twenty days after the service of this summons, exclusive of tlie 
day of service ; and in case of your failure to appear or answer, 
judgment will be taken against you by default, for the relief de- 
manded in the complaint. 

Dated, New York, May 1, 1902. 

Joseph Stop>.y, Plaintiff's Attorney. 
Post-ofBce address and office, No. 50 Wall St., 

Borough of Manhattan, New York City. 

For the form of summons, see sec. 418 of the Code of Civ. Pro. 

The special requirement in diVol'c6 cases, as to the form of the 
summons, is found in sec. 1774. It is there provided that fjnal 
judgment shall not be rendered in favor of the plaititiff upoh th6 
defehdant's default in appearing or pleading, unless the c6py of 
the summons served contains legibly written or piiiited lipoti & 
face thereof, " Action to annul a marriage ; " " Actioh ioi a ^- 
vorce ; " or " Action for a separation," as the case may be. 

Q. Your client desires you to bring an action: in tbe supt'eme 
5 



69 CODE AND PLEADING. 

court against B to collect $1,000 for money loaned ; no defense 
being anticipated, you wish to dispense with a complaint. Draw 
the necessary papers to be served upon B to enable you to take 
judgment by default, in the absence of such complaint, without 
application to th? court. 

A. The proper paper to be drawn in this case would be a sum- 
mons with notice. It is provided in sees. 419 and 420, that in an 
action to recover a liquidated amount, judgment may be entered 
by the clerk without application to the court, where a copy of the 
complaint is served with the summons, or a notice is served with 
the summons stating that judgment will be taken against the de- 
fendant by default for a certain specified sum if he fails to appear 
or answer. The form of the summons is the same as the preceding 
question, omitting of course the words " Action for a divorce." The 
following is the form of notice generally used : 

Notice. Take notice, that upon your default to appear or an- 
swer the above summons, judgment will be taken against you for 
the sum of §1,000, with interest from January 1, 1902, and with 
costs of this action. 

Joseph Story, 

Plaintiff's Attorney. 

Q. Draw an affidavit of the service of the summons. 

A. Supreme Court, 

Fol. 1. County of New York. 



John Beown, Plaintiff, 

against 

Thomas Jones, Defendant. 



City ajs^d County of New York, ««. 

Fol, 2. Peter Smith, being duly sworn, says that he is nineteen 
years oi,. age ; that on the 10th day of May, 1901, at 320 Broad- 
way, in the city of New York, he served the anijexed summons on 
Thomas Jones, the defendant herein, by delivering a copy to him 
personally, and leaving the same with him. 

•Deponent further says that he knew the person so served, to be 



CODE AND PLBADINft. 67 

the same person mentioned and described in said summons as the 

defendant in this action. 

Petbe Smith. 
Sworn to before me this 
10th day of May, 1901. 

Robert Green, 
Notary Public, 

New York County. 

The summons may be served by any person of the age of eighteen 
years or upwards other than a party to the action. See sec. 425 
of the Code of Civ. Pro. 

^. While A, a resident of the state of Ohio, was in attendance 
at court as defendant in an action then being tried in the city of 
Utica, plaintiff caused a summons in another action to be served 
upon him. A, not wanting any more litigation outside of his own 
state, consults you. What would you advise, and what steps would 
you take, if any, to affoi'd him relief? 

A. The service is bad, and will be set aside upon motion. A 
non-resident party is exempt from service of process while actually 
attending court here as a party. In making the motion to set the 
service aside, care should be taken to appear specially for the pur- 
pose of the motion. Matthews v. Tufts, 87 N. Y. 568. 

^. A is a resident of a foreign country who attended as a wit- 
ness in obedience to a subpoena issued from the supreme court of 
Albany county, in an action there on trial in the city of Albany. 
Before he was sworn as a witness, a summons was served upon him 
in a suit where B, a resident of Albany, was plaintiff. A imme- 
diately caused a notice of appearance in the action to be served bj' 
C, an attorney of Albany. Was the service regular ? What was 
the effect of the notice of appearance ? 

A . The service was irregular, but the notice of appearance cured 
the irregularity, and gave the court jurisdiction. " A resident of 
a foreign state, while attending a court of this state as a witness, 
cannot be served with a process for the commencement of a civil 
action against him." Person v. Grier, 66 N. Y. 124. " While a 
person attending court as a witness is privileged from service, such 
privilege will be waived by a general appearance in the action." 
Chadwick v. Chase, 5 Weekly Dig. 589. 



68 CODE AND PLEADING. 

(Note. ) " A resident witness is, wliile attending examination, exempt trotn 
arreist, but not from the service of process. A different rule applies to non- 
resident witnesses." Prisbie v. Toung, 11 Hun, 474. 

Q. In an action where A was defendant, and B plaintiff, th6 
original summons was entitled in the city court, but the summons 
delivered to A was entitled in the supreme court. Which court 
has jurisdiction ? 

. , A. The supreme court has jurisdiction. A party may always 
treat a paper served upon him as a true copy of the original, and 
act accordingly ; therefore as the copy here was entitled in the su- 
preme court, that court has jurisdiction. Bailey v. Sargent Co., 
23 Civ. Pro. 319. 

^)L Q. In a case where you get an order for the service of the sum- 
mons on a defendant by publication, and thereafter serve him per- 
sonally without the state, when does his time to answer expire?^ 

A. The defendant's time to answer expires si:^ty-two days after 
personal service upon him outside of the state. "Under the pro- 
visions of the Code in reference to the service of a summons by 
publication, such service is not complete until the expiration of at 
least six weeks from the time of the first publication, or when serv- 
ice is made out of the state, until the expiration of that period 
after such service." Market Nat. Bank v. Pacific Nat. Bank,^ 
N. Y. 397. For service by publication, see sees. 438 to 445 of 
the Code, inclusive. *v/vfe . xi <i^ €_^L ^L-c^*^-^ ^ C ^ H^J 



\ 






The time in which to commence an action is about to expire, 
and you cannot personally serve the defendant until two weeks, 
when your time will have expired. What proceedings would you 
take in order to get the action under way ? 

A. Get an order for the service of the summons by publication, 
or deliver the summons to the sheriff to be served. The provision 
as to publication is to be found in sec. 438, par. 6, which is as 
follows : " An order directing the service of a summons upon the 
defendant, without the state, or by publication, may be made in 
either of the following cases : 6. Where the defendant is a resident 
of the state or a domestic corporation ; and an attempt was made 
to comence the .action against the defendant, . . . and the limita- 
tion would have expired, within sixty days next preceding the ap- 



CODE AND PLEADING. 69 

plication, if the time had not been extended by the attempt to com-- 
mence the action." Sec. 399, providing for service by the sheriff, 
is as follows : An attempt to commence an action, in a court of rec- 
ord, is equivalent to the commencement thereof against each de-^ 
fendant, within the meaning of each provision of this act, which 
limits the time for the commencement of an action, when the sum- 
mons is delivered, with the intent that it shall be actually served, 
to the sheriff, or, where the sheriff is a party, to a coroner of the 
county, in which that defendant or one or two or more code- 
fendants, who are joint contractors, or otherwise united in interest 
with him, resides or last resided ; or, if the defendant is a corpo- 
ration, to a like officer of the county in which it is established by 
law, or wherein its general business is or was last transacted, or 
wherein it keeps or last kept, an office for the transaction of busi- 
ness. But in order to entitle a plaintiff to the benefit of this sec- 
tion, the delivery of the summons to an officer must be followed, 
within sixty days after the expiration of the time limited for the 
actual commencement of the action, by personal service thereof 
upon the defendant sought to be charged, or by the first publica- 
tion of the summons, as against that defendant, pursuant to an 
order for the service upon him in that manner." 

Q. A rents a house situated at No. 50 Grand St., New York 
City, for one year at the monthly rental of flOO per month, com- 
mencing on May 1, 1901. A fails to pay his rent for the months 
of May, June and July, 1901. Draw a complaint in the supreme 
court to recover the rent, omitting verification. 

A. Fol. 1. Supreme Court, 

New York County. 



John Beown, Plaintiff, 

against 

Thomas Jones, defendant. 



John Brown, plaintiff in the above entitled action, by Joseph 
Story, his attorney, complains of the defendant and alleges : 

1. That heretofore and on or about May 1, 1901, the plaintiff 
leased to the defendant certain premises known as No. 50 Grand 
Street, in the city of New York, for one year, beginning witli the 



70 



CODE AND PLEADING. 



said May 1, 1901, at a monthly rental of $100, payable in advance^ 
which sum defendant agreed to pay. 

2. That said defendant has not paid said rental for the months 
beginning May 1, June 1 and July 1, 1901, the same amounting 
to the sum of $300. 

3. That plaintiff has demanded said sum from the defendant, 
but the defendant has not paid the same nor any part thereof. 

4. That there is now due and owing to the plaintiff from the 
defendant the said sum of $300, with interest on $100 from May 1, 
1901, and on $100 from June 1, 1901, and on $100 from July 1, 
1901. 

Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against the defendant 
for- the said sum of $300 with interest as aforesaid, together with 
the costs of this action. 

Joseph Story, 

Plaintiff's Attorney, 
50 Wall Street, 
New York City. 



Draw a complaint which will hold good against the maker 
and three indorsers of a promissory note. 

A. Fol. 1. Supreme Court, 

New York County. 



John Bbown, Plaintiff, 
against. 

Thomas Jones, David Roe, 
Richard Smith and Wm. 
Black, Defendants. 



See sees. 454 and 584, Code of 
Civ. Pro. 



John Brown, the plaintiff, in the above entitled action, by Joseph 
Story, his attorney, complains of the defendants and alleges : 

1. That heretofore and on or about May 1, 1900, at New York 
City, the defendant, Thomas Jones, made, executed and. delivered 
his certain promissory note in writing, of which the following is a 
copy: 

1500.00 New York, May 1, 1900. 

Thirty days aftei: date, I promise to pay to the order of David 



CODE AND PLEADING. 71 

Roe, the sum of five hundred ($500.00) dollars, payable at the 
Chemical National Bank, New York City, with interest. 
Value received. Thomas Jones. 

2. That the defendant, David Roe, indorsed the same and de- 
livered it so indorsed. 

3. That thereafter the defendants, Richard Smith and Wm. 
Black, indorsed the same in blank, and delivered it so indorsed, 
and thereafter and before its maturity it lawfully came into the 
hands of the plaintiff for value. 

4. That at maturity, said note was dul)"- presented for payment, 
and payment thereof then and there demanded, but the same was 
not paid, of all of which due notice was given to the defendants. 

5. That no part of said note has been paid. 

Wherefore the plaintiff demands judgment against the defend- 
ants for the sum of $500 with interest thereon from the 1st day 
of May, 1900, together with the costs of this action. 

Joseph Story, 

Plaintiff's Attorney, 
60 Wall Street, 
New York City. 
(Verification.) 



% 



Draw a complaint in a county court, asking judgment for 



the highest amount there obtainable for personal services. 
A. Fol. I. County Court, 

Kings County. V 



/V<-t-i, 



John Beown, Plaintiff, 

against 

Thomas Jones, Defendant. 



John Brown, plaintiff in the above entitled action, by Joseph 
Story, his attorney, complains of the defendant and alleges : 

1. That between the 2d day of January, 1900, and the 10th day 
of December, 1900, at 50 Montague Street, in the borough of 
Brooklyn, New York city, plaintiff rendered certain services to the 
defendant at his request, as his private secretary. 

2. That the same were reasonably worth $2,000. 



72 CODE AND PLEADING. 

3. That no part of the same has been paid. 
Wherefore the plaintiff demands judgment against the defend- 
ant for the sum of $2,000, with interest from the 10th day of De- 
(jftnl^sr, 1900, toget^^er witb ^he costs of this action. 

Joseph Story, 

Plaintiff's Attorney, 

50 Wall Street, 
New York City. 
(Verification.) 

The big^iest amount obta>inable in a county court is $2,000, ac- 
cording to sec. 340 of ^he Code of Civ. Pro. 

Q. Give the different grounds of demurrer to a complaint. 

A. Sec. 488 of the Code of Civ. Pro. provides that : " the de- 
fendant may demur to the complaint, where one or more of the 
following objections thereto appear upon the face thereof : 

" 1. Th^t the court has not jurisdiction of the person of the 
di^fepdant. 

'•2. That the court has not jurisdiction of the subject of tlie 
action^ 

" 3. That the plaintiff has not legal capacity to sue. 

" 4. That there is another action pending between the same par- 
^«s, for the same ca.use. 

" 5. That thfre is a mi8Joind,er of parties plaintiff. 

" 6. That there is a defect of parties, plaintiff or defendant. 

" 7. That causes of action have been improperly united. 

" 8. That the complaint does not state facts sufficient to consti- 
tute a.cause of action." 

' Q^^hat are the grounds on which you can demur to an an- 
swer, and also the grounds of demurrer to a counterclaim? 

A. The one ground of demurrer to an answer is given in section 
494 as follows : " The plaintiff may demur to a counterclaim or a 
defense consisting of new rbatter, contained in the answe r, on the 
ground that it is insufficient in law, upon tlie face thereof." The 
grounds of demurrer to a counterclaim are contained in section 495, 
and are as follows : 

1. That the court has not jurisdiction thereof. 

2. That the defendant has not legal capacity to recover upcai 
the same. 



CODE AND PLEADING. 73 

3. That there is another action pending between the same par- 
ties, for the same cause. 

4. That the counterclaim is not of the character specified in 
section 501 of this act. 

5. That the counterclaim does not state facts sufficient to con- 
stitute a cause of action. 

On demurrer generally, see sections 487 to 499 inclusive. 

Q. A complaint served in the supreme court does not state ^ 
fapts sufficient to constitute a cause of action. Defendant puts 
in a general denial. Upon the trial, can the defendant take ad-C 
vantage of the situation ? If so, in what way ? If not, why not ? 

A. The defendant can move to dismiss at the trial before the 
plaintiff opens. The defect is not waived by the failure to inter- 
pose a demurrej', according to section 499 of the Code, which is 
as follows : " If such an objection is not taken either by demurrer 
or answer, the defendant is deemed to have waived it ; except to 
the jurisdiction of the court, or the objection that the complaint 
does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action." 

Q. Plaintiff sues for 125. The defendant, in his answer, makes 
no reference to the plaintiff's cause of action, but sets up a coun- 
terclaim for $50 for a past debt due on a note made by plaintiff. 
No further pleading is served. The case was noticed for trial. 
At the trial both sides move for judgment. What should the 
court do? What about the costs? If you were the defendant's 
attorney, what would you have done before or at the trial? 

A. The court should give judgment for the defendant for l|!26 
with costs. The defendant's attorney should have entered up 
judgment on the pleadings for #25 before the trial. The defend- 
ant, by not mentioning plaintiff's cause of action in his answer, is 
deemed to have admitted it, and the plaintiff', by not replying to 
the defendant's counterclaim, must be deemed to have admitted 
his liability thereon. See sees. 515 and 522 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro. Costs go to the defendant as judgment is in his favor, 
the counterclaim exceeding the amount of the plaintiff's demand. 
See sees. 603 and 3229 of the Code. 

Q. A sues B. B has previovisly obtained judgment against A 
in an action of tort. Under our Code, a cause of action arising 



74 CODE AND PLEADING. 

on a tort caniiot be set up as a counterclaim against a cause of 
action on contract. Can this judgment be pleaded as a set-off by 
B? 

A. Yes. " A judgment is a contract of the highest nature known 
to the law — and actions upon judgments are actions upon con- 
tract. The cause or consideration is of no importance, it being 
merged in the judgment. Hence in an action upon contract, the 
defendant may set up as a counterclaim, a judgment obtained by 
him against the plaintiff in an action of tort. The original cause 
of action having disappeared, the judgment remains as a contract 
between the parties. If suit were brougnt upon the judgment, it 
would be an action upon a contract, and it is not the less so when 
set up as a counterclaim." Woodruff, J., in Taylor v. Root, 
4 Keyes (N. Y.), 335. 

Q. When is a reply necessary ? What is the effect of a failure 
to reply ? 

A. A reply is only necessary where the defendant has interposed 
a counterclaim. (Sec. 514 of the Code.) If the plaintiff fails to 
reply or demur to the counterclaim, the defendant may apply, upon 
notice, for judgment thereupon. (Sec. 515 of the Code.) Although 
a reply is only necessary to a counterclaim, yet in certain cases a 
reply may be ordered by the court, as provided in sec. 516, which 
is as follows : " Where an answer contains new matter, constituting 
a defense by way of avoidance, the court may, in its discretion, on 
the defendant's application, direct the plaintiff to reply to the new 
matter. In that case, the reply, and the proceedings upon failure 
to reply, are subject to the same rules as in the case of a counter- 
claim." 

I 

\[^. A man is sued for goods sold and delivered. He comes to 
you with a receipted bill for the goods. Draw him up an answer 
to the complaint, omitting title and verification. 

A. (Caption and title, same as in the preceding forms.) 
John Brown, the defendant in the above entitled action, appear- 
ing therein by Joseph Story, his attorney, for answer to the com- 
plaint herein alleges : 

That on or about the 10th day of May, 1902, he paid said plain- 
tiff the sura of |60 in full payment for the goods mentioned and 



CODE AND PLEADING. 75 

described in said, complaint, as sold and delivered by the plaintiff 
to the defendant. 

. Wherefore tlie defendant demands judgment dismissing said 
•complaint with costs. A ^ 

Joseph Stoky, 
Defendant's Attorney, 

60 Wall Street, 
New. York City. 

Q. A gave a note to B for f 100, dated May 1, 1894, due on de- 
mand. On June 10, 1901, B sued A on it. Draw an answer for 
A, omitting title and verification. 

A. (Caption and title, same as in preceding forms.) 

A, the defendant in the above entitled action, appearing by 
James Kent, his attorney, for answer to the complaint herein al- 
leges : 

That this action was not commenced within six years after the 
cause of action accrued. 

Wherefore, etc. (as in preceding forms). 

(Note. ) A note payable on demand is due immediately, and therefore the 
•Statute of Limitations begins to run from its date. Mills v. Davis, 113 N. Y. 
243. 

Q. A sues B on a note which is eight years overdue. No pay- 
ments have been made, and no indorsements of liability have been 
made thereon. B comes to you with the complaint. How would 
you take advantage of the defense ? 

A. The claim of course is barred by the Statute of Limitations, 
the note being more than six years overdue. (Sec. 382 of the Code.) 
The defense of the Statute of Limitations can only be taken advan- 
tage of by answer, according to sec. 413 of the Code. 

Q. State generally what may be proven under an answer of gen- 
eral denial. ! A sues B on contract. B interposes a general denial, 
a,nd at the trial attempts to show that the contract is illegal. Can 
he do so ? 

A. Yes. The defense of illegality, though not pleaded specific- 
ally, may be raised under a general denial. " The general rule is, 
that a general denial in an answer in an action on contract puts in 
issue simply, all matters which the plaintiff is bound to prove to 



76 CODE AND PLEADING. 

make out a cause of action ; and in order to avail himself of facta, 
not appearing on the face of the contract, to establish its invalidity, 
the defendant must plead them. But under a general denial in an 
action on contract, the defendant may object that plaintifl'a evi- 
dence shows that no valid contract was made. The theory upon 
which the action proceeds is, that the plaintiff has a contract valid 
in law, and whatever shows the invalidity of the contract, shows 
that no such contract as alleged ever existed." Wiiking v. Rich- 
ter, 25 Misc. 735. 

Q. A sues B.for goods sold and delivered. B puts in an answer 
of general denial, and on the trial offers to prove payment. Will 
he be allowed to do so ? 

A. No. Payment is an affirmative defense. All facts which 
show the plaintiff's allegations to be untrue may be proved under 
a general denial, while matters in avoidance merely, which are 
consistent witli the truth of plaintiff's averment, but show that he 
has no cause of action, ai'e affirmative defenses, and must therefore 
be specifically pleaded. " Payment, whether total or partial, of the 
indebtedness sued for, cannot be proved under a general denial, 
even though the complaint contains the usual formal but unneces- 
ary allegation of non-payment, and this be specifically traversed." 
McKyring v. Bull, 16 N. Y. 297. 

(Note.) "But if the complaintalleges that do part of the indebtedness shown 
has been paid, except specified suras, and demands judgment for the balance, 
a general denial puts in issue the allegation that no other payments have been 
made, and lets in evidence of other payments than those admitted. Where 
plaintiff sues for a balance, he voluntarily invites examination into the amount 
of the indebtedness, and the extent of the reduction thereof by payments." 
Quinn v. Lloyd, 41 N. Y. 349. "Where a complaint contains an allegation of 
non-payment as a necessary and material fact to constitute the cause of action, 
proof of payment is admissible under a general denial." Knapp v. Roche, 94 
N. Y. 333. 

Q. A sues B in ejectment. B answers by general denial only. 
On the trial, B offered to prove title to the premises in C. A ob- 
jected to the evidence as being inadmissible under the pleadings. 
What was the ruling of the court? 

A. The evidence is admissible. In ejectment, the defendant 
may prove title in a third party under a general denial, because 
plaintiff must prove title to establish his cause of action. Baynor 
V. Timeason, 46 Barb. 518. 



. CODE AND PLEADING. 77 

y\Q. A sues B for slander. B pleads a general denial only, and 
on the trial, he offers to prove the general bad reputation of A. 
A has not been a witness. A's attorney objects. What should be 
the ruling of the court ? Give your reasons. 

A. The objection should be sustained, as circumstances in miti- 
gation, such as the bad reputation of the plaintiff must be Set up 
in the answ^er, in order to make evidence thereof admissible. Wil- 
lover V. Hill, 72 N. Y. 38. 

y/V^. A sues B on a promissory note in 1899, The note was pay- 
able on demand, and was dated January 1, 1891. B answered by 
general denial. At the trial, B attempts to prove the above facts. 
Ought he to be allowed to do so over A's objection ? 

A. No. The Statute of Limitations is an affirmative defense, 
and to be available, must be specifically set up in the answer. See 
Abbott's Trial Brief on the Pleadings, p. 750. 

Q. A sells B certain goods of the piice of #60. There is no 
memorandum signed by either party. B refuses to take the goods, 
and A sues him for the price. B answers by general denial, and 
at the trial attempts to introduce the defense of the Statute of Frauds. 
A objects. Is the objection good? 

A. The objection should be sustained. It is now well settled 
that the Statute of Frauds is an affirmative defense, and must be 
specifically pleaded. It cannot be taken advantage of under a gen- 
eral denial. Crane v. Powell, 139 N. Y. 379. 

[fQ,: When, and how must a verification be made by a party plead- 
ingl 

A. This question is answered by sec. 525 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro., which is as follows : " The verification must be made by the 
affidavit of the party, or, if there are two or more parties united 
in interest, and pleading together, by at least one of them, who is 
acquainted with the facts, except as follows : 1. Where the party 
is a domestic corporation, the verification must be made by an officer 
thereof. 2. Where the people of the state are, or a public officer, 
in their behalf, is the party, the verification may be made by any 
person acquainted with the facts. 3. Where the party is a foreign 
corporation ; or where the party is not within the county where 



78 CODE AND PIiEADING. 

the attorney resides, or if the latter is not a resident of the state, 
the county where he has his office, and capable of making the affi- 
davit; or, if there are two or more parties united in interest, and 
pleading together, where neither of them acquainted with the facts 
is within that countj', and capable of making the affidavit ; or where 
the action or defense is founded upon a written instrument for the 
payment of money only, which is in the possession of the agent or 
the attorney ; or where all the material allegations of the pleading 
are within the personal knowledge of the agent or the attorney ; in 
eitlier case, the verification may be made by the agent of or the at- 
torney for the party." 

Q. Draw a verification by an attorney to a complaint in an ac- 
tion for goods sold and delivered, where a client resides in a dif- 
ferent county from that of his attorney. 

A. State of New Yokk, County of New York, ss .• 
John Brown, being duly sworn, deposes and says : That he is 
the attorney for the plaintiff herein, and resides at No. 56 Charles 
Street, in the city of New York, county of New York; that he 
has read the foregoing complaint and knows the contents thereof, 
and. that the same is true of his own knowledge, except as to the 
matters therein stated to be alleged upon information and belief, 
and as to those matters he believes it to be true. 

Deponent further says, that the sources of his information, and 
the ground of his belief as to the matters not stated upon his knowl- 
edge are (state fa,cts). 

Deponent further says that the reason this verification is not 
made by the plaintiff is, tiiat the plaintiff is not wiUiin the said 
county of New ^ork^t^ Mv i j , -^ J ifff rXAA-^tl^ ^ 

/ John Brown. 

Sworn to before me this 
10th day of May, 1901. 
Thomas Jones, 
Notary Public, 

New York County. 

Q. A brings action against a newspaper publishing company for 
libel. The attorney for A serves a verified complaint, and the at- 
torney for the company serves an unverified answer. What pro- 
ceeding, if any, should A's attorney take ? 



CODE ANp PLEADIKG. 79 

A. A's attorney cannot take any proceedings ; he must go to 
trial. In an action for libel, even though the complaint is verified, 
the defendant need not verify his answer. (2 Civ. Pro. Rep. 34.) 
The same rule applies in a case of a suit for a divorce on the ground 
of adultery. See sec. 1757 of the Code. Sec. 523 of the Code 
provides as follows : " Where a pleading is verified, each subse- 
quent pleading, except a demurrer, or the general answei' of an 
infant by his guardian ad litem must also be verified. But the 
verification may be omitted, in a case where it is not otherwise 
specially prescribed by law, where the party pleading would be 
privileged from testifying, as a witness, concerning an allegation 
or de,nial contained in the pleading. A pleading cannot be used, 
in a criminal prosecution against the party, as a proof of a fact ad- 
mitted or alleged therein." 

w\^Q.. Your client is sued. You answer, and in addition to separate 
ilefenses plead a counterclaim, then existing in his favor, wliich , 
has but six months to run before it will be barred by the Statute 
of Limitations. The case is at issue for a year, and is then discon- 1 
tinned by the plaintiff. What would you advise in such a case, 
under the circumstances ? 

A. The defendant has a right to object to the discontinuance 
of the action, as his counterclaim would be endangered thereby. 
" The court will not refuse leave to plaintiff to discontinue his ac- 
tion, although a counterclaim has been interposed by the defendant, 
unless it appear that the counterclaim would be jeopardized by 
the discontinuance." Pacific Mail Co. v. Luling, 7 Abb. Pr. (N. S.) 

Q. A case is at issue. The plaintiff learns of certain facts after 
ue had been joined, which he would like to add for the purpose 

of strengthening his case. By what method may he get these facts 

before the court? 

A. By amending the complaint. The amendment may be made 
within twenty days after isaaa is jom^L of course without costs. 
and without application to t!^e court. Sec. 542 of the Code. If af- 
ter the expiration of twenty days, application must be made to the 
court for leave, the court may, on such terms as it deems just, 
grant an order amending the complaint, and permit the insertion 
of the newlv discovered facts. See sec. 728 of the Code. 



80 CODE AND PLEADING. 

Q. Plaintiff's attorney notices a case for trial, within twenty 
days after the service of an answer upon him. After the notice 
was served, and within twenty days, the defendant's attorney 
served a bona fide amended answer, setting up a new defense, reg- 
ularly upon the plaintiff's attorney. Plaintiff's attorney seeks to 
force defendant to trial for the term of court for which notice was 
served. Note of issue was regularly filed, and the case put on the 
calendar. The amended answer was served so late, that new no- 
tice of trial could not be given. Can the defendant be compelled 
to try at that term, and why ? 

A. No. " Where after issue has been joined in an action, and 
the same has been regularly noticed for trial at a circuit by plain- 
tiff, and the defendant, in good faith, and within the time allowed 
by law, serves an amended answer, the issue theretofore joined 
and noticed for trial is destroyed, and the action cannot be tried 
until new issues have been joined and regularly noticed for trial. 
Whei-e an amended pleading is served in bad faith, the remedy of 
the party aggrieved is by motion to strike it out." Ostrander v. 
Conkey, 20 Hun, 421. 

HvQ. Plaintiff, in an action for breach of contract, in his complaint 
demanded judgment for $2,000. The jury gave him a verdict for 
$3,000. How, if at all, can the plaintiff avail himself of this ? 

A. " Where a jury awards damages exceeding the amount de- 
manded in the complaint, the plaintiff cannot amend the com- 
plaint unless be abandons the verdict, pays costs, and consents to 
a new trial." Decker v. Parsons, 11 Hun, 295. " Accordingly 
in all actions for the recovery of damages, whether sounding in 
tort or on contract, the sum in the conclusion of the complaint 
must be sufficient to cover the real demand ; it would be unjust to 
allow it to be enlarged after verdict, without granting a new trial, 
as the defendant may have gone to trial, relying that no more 
damages than the sum claimed could be recovered against him." 
'haris y. Gere, 31 Hun, 443. 

A brought action against B and C for assault and battery. 
Fhe complaint stated a cause of action against both, and the proof 
on the trial sustained the allegation of the complaint. Both B and 
C appeared and defended the action. The jury found a verdict 
for $1,000 for the plaintiff. The complaint in the prayer for re- 



CODE AND PLEADING. 81 , 

lief, through an inadvertence, demanded judgment only against B, 
who was financially irresponsible. On the day subsequent to the 
trial, A's attorney, having discovered the defect of his complaint, 
makes a motion before the trial court, which was opposed, for, and 
obtained an order permitting him to so amend his complaint, as to 
demand judgment against both B and C, and then entered the 
judgment against both. C appeals. Who wins and why ? 

A. C's appeal should be dismissed ; the amendment was proper 
and permissible under sec. 1207 of the Code, which is as follows : 
" Where there is no answer, the judgment shall not be more fa- 
vorable to the plaintiff, than that demanded in the complaint. 
Where there is an answer, the court may permit the plaintiff to 
take any judgment, consistent with the case made by the com- 
plaint, and embraced within the issue." 

Q. A purchases cigars of the United Cigar Co., of N. Y. ; 
cigars to be according to sample. A keeps the cigars, says noth- 
ing, and in an action for their price, judgment is taken against 
hiin by default, which judgment he pays. He afterwards buys 
other cigars of the same firm, which are according to sample, and 
in an action for their price, sets up his damage on the former ship- 
ment as a counterclaim in the action. Can the counterclaim be 
maintained ? 

A. The counterclaim can be maintained, for a breach of war- 
ranty is not a de-fense to an action for the purchase price of goods, 
but is merely available by way of counterclaim. It is the settled 
rule that one, having a counterclaim, is not bound to set it up, 
when an action is brought against him by the one against whom 
the counterclaim exists, but may sue upon the counterclaim as an 
independent cause of action which it is, at any time. Brown v. 
Gallaudet, 80 N. Y. 413; Patrick v. Shaffer, 94 N. Y. 423. 

Q. A tenant is sue,d for rent of his premises by his landlord, and 
appears but does not answer. Judgment was taken by default. 
Afterwards the tenant sues the landlord for damages caused by a 
former eviction. The landlord sets up the judgment by default in 
the former action by him as a defense. The tenant plaintiff de- 
murs to the answer. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the landlord. While, as we have seen, a de- 
6 



82 CODE AND PLEADING. 

fendant, having a counterclaim, is not bound to set it up, yet when 
the same facts constitute a counterclaim and a defense, and he 
does not defend the action, a judgment rendered against him be- 
comes res adjudicata, upon any defense which the defendant might 
have interposed. The defendant might have set up the defense of 
eviction, and as he did not avail himself of it, he is concluded by 
the former judgment. Phipps v. Oprandy, 69 App. Div. 497. 
" The doctrine of res adjudicata applies not only to judgments ren- 
dered after a litigation of the matters in controversy, but also to 
judgments upon default and confession, and as to every defense 
which might have been raised." Brown v. Mayor, 66 N. Y. 385. 

(KoTE.) " A judgment rendered on the merits is coextensive with the issues 
upon which it is founded, and is conclusive between the parties thereto, not 
only to the matters actually proved aud submitted for decision, but also as to 
every other matter directly at issue by the pleadings, which the defeated party 
might have litigated.'' Lorillard v. Clyde, 122 N. Y. 41. 

Q. A brings summary proceedings against B to recover posses- 
sion of certain premises leased to him. Judgment is rendered 
by default. Subsequently B brings action against A to recover 
damages for breach of the alleged agreement, whereby A agreed 
to allow B to remain in possession for six months after the expira- 
tion of the lease. A sets up the judgment iii the first action as a 
defense. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. " Either the plaintiff or the defendant had 
a right to the possession of the premises. If under any agreement, 
plaintiff had such a right, she could not be dispossessed or removed. 
Any agreement which authorized her to keep possession was a per- 
fect defense to the summary proceedings, and if such an agreement 
existed, no judgment of removal was authorized. Such agreement, 
not having been set up or proved, plaintiff is not in a position to 
claim that she had a right to the possession of the premises. She 
had had her day in court, with full opportunity to be heard and to 
assert and protect her rights, and having failed to do so at the 
proper time, the record of the proceedings upon which she might 
have done so, is a bar to her right to recover in the action." Ne- 
metty v. Naylor, 100 N. Y. 562. 

Q. What is the office of a bill of particulars ? Will a bill of 
particulars of an answer be granted, and when ? 

A. The office of a bill of particulars is to extend and define the 



CODE AND PLEADING. 83 

pleading, so a& to enable the adverse party to prepare to meet the 
case to be made against him. It is not a means of discovery of 
the evidence to be relied upon by the other side. A bill of partic- 
ul ars is an amplification of the pleading s. A defendant, as well 
as a plaintiff, may be required to furnish particulars of his claim, 
and this includes not merely the case of an affirmative claim, as a 
counterclaim, but also of matter set up merely as a defense. Bish- 
op's Code Pro. pages 191 to 192, citing Ball v. Ev. Post Pub. Co., 
38 Hun, 11 ; 100 N. Y. 602. Sec. 531 of the Code provides in 
part as follows : " The court may, in any case, direct a bill of the 
particulars of the claim of either party to be delivered to the ad- 
verse party." The leading case on the subject is Tilton v. Beecher, 
59 N. Y. 176. In this case Rapallo, J., said : " That in almost 
every kind of case in which the defendant can satisfy the court 
that it is necessary to a fair trial, that he should be appraised be- 
forehand of the particulars of the charge which he is expected to 
meet, the court has authority to compel the adverse party to specify 
those particulars, so far as is in his power." 

Q. What is the purpose and object of an affidavit of merits? 
Draw one. 

A. The purpose of the affidavit of merits is to prevent applica- 
tion being made to the court for the mere purpose of delay. The 
affidavit is required when an ex ps^te application is made asking an 
extension of time, etc. Rule 2j rathe General Rules of Practice 
provides : " That no order extending the defendant's time to an- 
swer or demur shall be granted, unless the party applying for such 
order shall present to the court an affidavit of merits." 

Supreme Court, 

County of New York. 



John Brown, Plaintiff, 

against 
Thomas Jones, Defendant. 



. Affidavit of Merits. 



City and County of New York, »«..• 

Thomas Jones, being duly sworn, says that he is the defendant 
in the above entitled action, and that he has fully and fairly stated 



84 CODE AND PLEADING. 

the case to Joseph Story, his counsel in this action, who resides at 
No. 5 East 12th Street, in the oity of New York, and that he has 
a good and substantial defense on the merits to the action, as he 
is advised by said counsel, after such statement made as aforesaid, 
and verily believes it to be true. 

Sworn to before me this Thomas Jones. 

10th day of June, 1901. 
Richard Gkay, 
Notary Public, 

New York County. 



* Vr.ll 



Q. An injunction order is granted ex parte against your client. 
You desire to have the same vacated. Where, and to whom would 
you apply ? 

A. Application to vacate the order ex parte can only be made 
to the judge who granted the order, and it can only be made upon 
the papers upon which it was granted. See sec. 626 of the Code. 
The application also may be made upon notice to the court. Such 
an application may be founded upon the papers upon which the in- 
junction was granted ; or upon proof, by affidavit, on the part of 
the defendant, or both. See sec. 627 of the Code. 

Q. In what causes of action can you procure an order of arrest? 

A. Sec. 549 of the Code provides as follows: "A defendant 
may be arrested in an action, as prescribed in this title, where the 
action is brought for either of the following causes : 1. To recover 
a fine or penalty. 2. To recover damages for a personal injury ; 
an injury to property, including the wrongful taking, detention 
or conversion of personal property ; breach of a promise to marry ; 
misconduct or neglect in office, or in a professional employment ; 
fraud or deceit ; or to recover a chattel where it is alleged in the 
complaint that the chattel or a part thereof has been concealed, 
removed or disposed of so that it cannot be found or taken by the 
sheriff and with intent that it should not be so found or taken, or 
to deprive the plaintiff of the benefit thereof ; or to recover for 
money received or to recover property or damages for tbe conver- 
sion or misapplication of property where it is alleged in the com- 
plaint that the money was received or the property was embezzled 
or fraudulently misapplied by a public officer or by an attorney, 
solicitor or counselor, or by an officer or agent of a corporation or 



CODE AND PLEADING. 86 

banking association in the course of his employment, or by a factor, 
agent, broker, or other person in a fiduciary capacity. Where such 
allegation is made, the plaintiff cannot recover unless he proves 
the same on the trial of the action ; and a judgment for the defend- 
ant is not a bar to the new action to recover the money or chattel; 
3. To recover moneys, funds or property held or owned by the 
state, or held or owned officially or otherwise for or in behalf of a 
public or governmental interest by a municipal or other public cor- 
poration, board, officer, custodian, agency or agent of the state or 
of a city, county, town, village or other division, subdivision, de- 
partment or portion of the state which the defendant has without 
right obtained, received, converted or disposed of ; or to recover 
damages for so obtaining, receiving, paying, converting or disposing 
of the same. 4. In an action upon contract, express or implied, 
other than a promise to marry, where it is alleged in the complaint 
that the defendant was guilty of a fraud in contracting or incurring 
the liability, or that he has since the making of the contract or in 
contemplation of making the same, removed or disposed of his prop- 
erty with intent to defraud his creditoi-s, or is about to remove or 
dispose of the same with like intent ; but where such allegation is 
made, the plaintiff cannot recover unless he proves the fraud on 
the trial of the action ; and a judgment for the defendant is not a 
bar to a new action to recover upon the contract only." The order 
of arrest may also be granted in equity and divorce cases. These 
cases are provided for in sec. 550 which is as follows : " A defend- 
ant may also be arrested in an action wherein the judgment de- 
manded requires the performance of an act, the neglect or refusal 
to perform which would be punishable by the court as a contempt 
where the defendant is not a resident of the state, or being a resi- 
dent, is about to depart therefrom, by reason of which non-residence 
or departure there is danger that a judgment or an order requiring 
the performance of the act will be rendered ineffectual." 

Q. When and in what cases may an injunction order be obtained ? 
At what time during the progress of the action may it be granted ? 

A. Sec. 603 of the Code provides as follows : " Where it appears, 
from the complaint, that the plaintiff demands and is entitled to a 
judgment against the defendant, restraining the commission or con- 
tinuance of an act, the commission or continuance of which, during 
the pendency of the action would produce injury to the plaintiff, 



86 CODE AND PLBADJNa. 

an injunction order may be granted to restrain it. The case pro- 
vided for in this section is described in this act, as a case where 
the right to an injunction depends upon the nature of the action." 
Sec. 604 says : " In either of the following cases, an injunction 
order may also be granted in an action: 1. Where it appears, by 
aflSdavit, that the defendant, during the pendency of the action, is 
doing, or procuring, or suffering to be done, or threatens, or is about 
to do, or to procure, or suffer to be done, an act, in violation of the 
plaintiff's rights, respecting the subject of the action, and tending 
to render the judgment ineffectual, an injunction order may be 
granted to restrain him therefrom. 2. Where it appears, by affi- 
davit, that the defendant, during the pendency of the action, threat- 
ens, or is about to remove, or to dispose of his property, with intent 
to defraud the plaintiff, an injunction order may be granted to re- 
strain the removal or disposition." Sec. 608 provides that : " The 
order may be granted to accompany the summons, or any time after 
the commencement of the action and before final judgment." 

Q. What is the object of a warrant of attachment? In what 
actions can it be had, and what is necessary to obtain it ? 

A. The object of an attachment is to secure property of the 
defendant out of which the judgment may be satisfied when ob- 
tained. It keeps the property under the control of the court, so 
that it can be levied upon when execution is issued. Sec. 635 of 
the Code enumerates the cases in which the warrant may be 
granted. It provides that "a warrant of attachment against the 
property of one or more defendants in an action may be granted 
upon the application of the plaintiff, as specified in the next 
section, where the action is to recover a sum of money only 
as damages for one or more of the following causes: 1. Breach 
of contract, express or implied, other then a contract to marry. 
2. Wrongful conversion of personal property. 3. An injury to 
person or property, in consequence of negligence, fraud or other 
wrongful act." Sec. 636 of the Code states what must be shown 
to secure the warrant. The section is as follows : " To entitle the 
plaintiff to such a warrant, he must show, by affidavit, to the 
satisfaction of the judge, grafting the same, as follows : 1. That 
one of the causes of action specified in the last section exists 
against the defendant. If ihe action is to recover damages for 
breach of contract, the affidavit must show that the plaintiff is 



CODE AND PLEADING. 87 

entitled to recover a sum stated therein, over and above all counter- 
claims known to him. 2. That the defendant is either a foreign 
corporation or not a resident of the state ; or, if he is a natural 
person and a resident of the state, that he has departed therefrom 
with intent to defraud his creditors, or to avoid the service of a 
summons, or keeps himself concealed therein with the like intent ; 
or, if the defendant is a natural person or a domestic corporation, 
that he or it has removed, or is about to remove, property from 
the state, with intent to defraud his or its creditors ; or has 
assigned, disposed of, or secreted, or is about to assign, dispose of 
or secrete property with the like intent ; or where, for the pur- 
pose of securing credit, or the extension of credit, the defendant 
has made a false statement in writing, under his own hand or 
signature, or under the hand or signature of a duly authorized 
agent, made with his knowledge and acquiescence ^as to his 
financial responsibility or standing ; or, where the defendant, being 
an adult and a resident of the state, has been continuously with- 
out the state of New York for more than six months next before 
the granting of the order of publication of the summons against 
him, and has not made a designation of a person upon whom to 
serve a summons in his behalf, as prescribed in sec. 430 of this 
act ; or a designation so made no longer remains in force ; or serv- 
ice upon the pei-son so designated cannot be made within the 
state, after diligent effort.," 

Q. What must an affidavit in an action of replevin contain? 

A. Sec. 1695 of the Code provides as follows : " The affidavit, 
to be delivered to the sheriff, as prescribed in the last section, 
must particulai^ly describe the chattel to be replevied ; and must 
contain the following allegations : 1. That the plaintiff is the owner 
of the chattel, or is entitled to the possession thereof, by virtue of a 
special property therein ; the facts with respect to which must be 
set forth. 2. That it is wrongfully detained by the defendant. 
3. The alleged cause of the detention thereof, according to the 
best knowledge, information, and belief of the person making the 
affidavit. 4. That it has not been taken by virtue of a warrant, 
against the plaintiff, for the collection of a tax, assessment, or fine, 
issued in pursuance of a statute of the state, or of the United 
States; or, if it has been taken under color of such a warrant, 
either that the taking was unlawful, by, reason of defects in the 



8s CODE AND PLEADING. 

process, or other causes specified, or that the detention is unlaw- 
ful by reason of facts specified which have subsequently occurred. 
5. That it has not been seized by virtue of an execution or war- 
rant of attachment, against the property of the plaintiff, or of any 
person from or through whom the plaintiff has derived title to 
the chattel, since the seizure thereof ; or, if it has been so seized, 
that it was exempt from the seizure, by reason of facts specified, 
or that its detention is unlawful, by reason of facts specified 
Tvhich have subsequently occurred. 6. Its actual value." 

Q. Your client, a resident of Pennsylvania, was assaulted in that 
state by a resident of New Jersey. He brings an action in the 
Supreme Court, New York County, against his assailant, the sum- 
mons being personally served upon the latter in New York City. 
The defendant answers, and the case comes to trial. At the close 
of the trial, the defendant's attorney requested the court to charge 
, that the action could not be maintained in the courts of this state, 
which request was refused. The defendant appeals. Is the ap- 
peal good ? 

A. The appeal is not good. While the court might in its dis- 
cretion have refused to entertain the action, the defendant was not 
entitled to a dismissal as a matter of right. " Courts of this state 
may in-their discretion, entertain jurisdiction of any action for the 
recovery of damages for a personal injury between citizens of an- 
other state actually domiciled therein when the action was com- 
menced, although the injury was committed in the state of their 
residence and domicile." Burdick v. Freeman, 120 N. Y. 426. 
" The refusal of the court to entertain jurisdiction of an action be- 
tween non-residents, for a tort committed out of the state, does not 
depend upon the motion of the parties necessarily, but the court 
may refuse to do so upon its own motion." Winchester v. Brown, 
37 State Rep. 542. 

Q. A, a resident of California, sues B, your client, a resident of 
New Jersey, as maker of a promissory note, naming the county of 
New York as the place of trial. Can you, and if so, on what grounds, 
procure a change of the place of trial ? 

A. The only grounds for procuring a change of the place of trial 
would be, that a fair and impartial trial could not be had in that 
county, ox that the convenience of witnesses would be best suited 



CODE AND PLEADING. 89 

by having the trial in another county. The county designated was 
the proper one, according to sec. 984 of Code, wliich is as follows : 
" An action not specified in the last two sections must be tried in 
the county, in which one of the parties resided, at the commence- 
ment thereof. If neither of the parties then resided in the state, it 
may be tried in any county, which tl)e plaintiff designates, for that 
purpose, in the title of the complaint." Sec. 987 provides as fol- 
lows : " The court may, by order, change the place of trial, in either 
of the following cases : 1. Where the county, designated for that 
purpose, in the complaint, is not the proper county. 2. Where 
there is reason to believe that an impartial trial cannot be had in 
the proper county. 3. Where the convenience of witnesses, and 
the ends of justice, will be promoted by the change." 

Q. Plaintiff resides in A county. Defendant resides in B 
county. Plaintiff brings an action on a transitory cause of action in 
C county. The defendant asks for a change of the place of trial 
from C to B county. On the argument of the motion, the plain- 
tiff produces affidavits showing that all the witnesses reside in C 
county. Should the affidavits be admitted in determining the 
question? 

A. No. 'J'he defendant is entitled to a change as a matter of 
right to his own county, when a county in which neither of the 
parties reside is designated, " On a motion to change the place 
of trial of an action to the county in which both parties reside as 
required by sec. 984 of the Code, the plaintiff should not be per- 
mitted to read affidavits showing that the convenience of witnesses 
requires that the trial take place in the county named in the sum- 
mons and complaint. The proper practice is to change the place 
of trial to the proper county, and allow the plaintiff to make a mo- 
tion to change it back to the county designated in the summons 
for the convenience of witnesses." Sylvester v. Lewis, 55 App. 
Div. 470. 

Q. On the trial of an action, the attorneys for both parties ask 
that a verdict be directed, each in favor of his client. The motion 
of the one is denied, and the motion of the other is granted. The 
one whose motion was denied appeals, on the ground that he pro- 
duced sufficient evidence to vp^arrant the case being submitted to the 
jury. What should be the decision on appeal ? 



90 CODE AND PLEADING. 

A. The appeal should be dismissed. A request by both parties 
for the direction of a verdict is a virtual consent to the determina- 
tion of the issues by the court. When both request the direction 
of a verdict, they submit to the court for decision any question of 
fact presented by the evidence. Thompson v. Simpson, 128 N. Y. 
270. 

Q. The plaintiff in an action puts in his evidence, and by stipula- 
tion of the defendant's attorney leaves the state, having some im- 
portant business to attend to. The defendant then puts in evidence 
certain statements made by the plaintiff, which the plaintiff alone 
could deny. The defendant's attorney had given no warning to 
plaintiff of his intention to introduce such evidence. If you were 
the plaintiff's attorney, what would you do ? 

A. Plaintiff's attorney should object to the admission of the evi- 
dence, and if his objection is overruled, and judgment is given 
against his client, he should make a motion for a new trial on the 
ground of surprise, which by reason of tlie stipulation of the de- 
fendant ought to be granted. " A party is not entitled to a new 
trial on the ground of surprise, because the opposite party and his 
counsel on the trial led him to believe that certain facts material 
to the defense would be admitted or not disputed, and by reason 
thereof, he did not introduce evidence upon such facts, so long hs 
the conduct of the opposite party and his counsel in the matter is 
free from fraud or positive stipulation it forms no ground for a new 
trial although it might have misled." Taylor v. Harlow, 11 How- 
ard's Pr. 285. 

Q. Your client sues an infant, and alleges f 2,000 damages. The 
summons was served on the infant, and he defaults. Describe the 
procedure necessary to get judgment. 

A. The first thing to be done is to secure the appointment of a 
guardian ad litem for the infant, care being taken not to name the' 
guardian to be appointed in the application, as Rule 49 of the Gen- 
eral Rules of Practice provides that no person shall be appointed 
guardian ad litem of an infant, who is nominated by the adverse 
party. After the expiration of twenty days from the appointment 
of the guardian ad litem, proceedings may be taken for the entry 
of judgment by default. Sec. 1218 provides that "a judgment 
by default shall not be taken against an infant defendant, until 



CODE AND PLEADING. 91 

twenty days have expired, since the appointment of a guardian ad 
litem for him." See generally as to infants, sees. 468 to 477 in- 
clusive, -^o- j Vi ^ . 

ii|Q. A brings an action against B to recover damages for personal 
ijuries inflicted. B defaults. How will A proceed to fix the dam- 
ages and obtain judgment ? What rights, if any, has B in such 
proceeding ? 

A. The damages must be assessed, by means of a writ of inquiry, 
which is a writ directed to the she riff %sj**|» commanding them to. 
fix the damages. The plaintiff cannot enter up judgment by default 
as a matter of course in actions for personal injuries, but must use 
this method to have the damages ascertained, and then he can en- 
ter judgment for the amount fixed. See sec. 1215 of the Code. On 
such a proceeding before a sheriff's jury, the defendant may call 
witnesses and prove any matter which properly goes to mitigate 
the damages. But of course he cannot attack tlie plaintiff's cause 
of action. Thompson v. Lumley, 7 Daly 74 ; sec. 536 of the Code. 
" The rule that on an assessment of damages either at the circuit 
or before a sheriff's jury, a defendant may call and examine wit- 
nesses, or otherwise prove all proper mitigating circumstances, 
seems to be well settled." Duffis v. Bangs, 61 Hun, 23. 

Q. How many peremptory challenges are allowed in a civil ac- 
tion in the supreme court ? 

A. In a civil action six peremptory challenges are allowed in a 
court of record. Sec. 1176 of the Code. 

Q. What are the qualifications of trial jurors in New York 
County ? 

A. Sec. 1079 of the Code provides as follows : " In order to be 
qualified to serve, as a trial juror, in a court in the city and county 
of New York, a person must be : 1. A male citizen of the United 
States, and a resident of that city and county. 2. Not less than 
twenty-one, nor more than seventy years of age. 3. The owner, 
in his own right, of real or personal property, of the value of 1250; 
or the husband of a woman who is the owner, in her own right, of 
real or personal property of that value. 4. In the possession of 
his natural faculties, and not infirm or decrepit. 5. Free from all 
legal Exceptions ; intelligent ; of sound mind and good character ; 



92 CODE AND PLEADING. 

and able to read and write the English language underatand- 
ingiy." 

Q. What are the qualifications of trial jurors in counties other 
than New Yoi-k and Kings ? 

A. Sec. 1027 of the Code covers this question, and provides as 
follows : ■' In ordei- to be qualified to serve, as a trial juror, in a 
court of record, a person must be: 1. A male citizen of the United 
States and a resident of the county. 2. Not less than twenty-one 
nor more than seventy years of age. 3. Assessed, for personal 
property, belonging to him, in liis own right, to the amount of 
f 260 ; or the owner of a freehold estate in real property, situated 
in the county, belonging to him in his own right, of the value of 
•flSO ; or the husband of a woman who is the ownei' of a like free- 
hold estate, belonging to her, in her own right. 4. In the posses- 
sion of his natural faculties, and not infirm or decrepit. 6. Free 
from all legal exceptions ; of fair character ; of approved integrity ; 
of sound judgment ; and well informed." 

Q. You have an important witness residing in the state of In- 
diana, whose evidence you desire on the trial of an action in your 
county. How would you procure the evidence? 

A. The evidence would be procured by the issuing of a commis- 
sion, addressed to a person in the city in which the witness resides, 
authorizing him to take the witness's testimony, by putting to him 
the questions which are sent with the commission. The defendant 
may also send cross questions corresponding to the cross-examina- 
tion on a trial. Sec. 887 of the Code provides as follows: "In a 
case specified in the next section, where it appears, by affidavit, on 
the application of either party, that the testimony of one or more 
witnesses, not within the State, is material to the applicant, a com- 
mission may be issued, to one or more competent persons named 
therein, authorizing them, or any one of them, to examine the wit- 
ness or witnesses named therein, under oath, upon the interroga- 
tories annexed to the commission ; to take and certify the deposi- 
tion of each witness, and to return the same, and the commission, 
according to the directions given in or with the commission. The 
applicant, or any other party to the action, may be thus examined." 
See on depositions generally, sees. 887 to 913 inclusive. 




CODE AND PLEADING. 93 

Q; A brings an action against B, serving a verified complaint. 
B serves a verified answer. A, believing that the facts stated in 
the answer are false, makes a motion to strike out the answer as a 
sham. Should his motion be granted? 

A. No. " A verified answer cannot be stricken out as a sham.' 
If the answer is good in form, and sets up apparently a good de- 
fense, the court will not try the issue raised by the answer, on af-| 
fidavits, where the answer is verified. It is the duty of the trial 
court to determine whether the defense is true or false." Way- 
land V. Tyson, 45 N. Y. ^1. An unverified answer may some- 
times be stricken out as sham. In order, however, that the plead- 
ing should be stricken out as sham, it must be false in the sense 
of being a mere pretense set up in bad faith, and without color of 
fact. Bishop's Code Pr. pages 197 and 198. See also sec. 538 of 
the Code. /o<lO. i-, j 

Q. A sues B. B interposes an answer which is bad upon its 
face. What would you do if you were A's attorney ? 

A. Plaintiff's attorney should apply for judgment on the an- 
swer, on the ground that it is frivolous. An answer is frivolous 
when it contains no general or special denial, and sets up no de- 
fense by way of new matter, and does not contain a counterclaim. 
It must be so clear and palpably bad as to require no argument to 
demonstrate its frivolity, and as to be pronounced frivolous, and 
indicative of bad faith in the pleader, upon a bare inspection. The 
pleading will be sustained if a material issue is presented. The 
pleading is not stricken out, but whatever action may be had in re- 
spect to it, it remains a part of the record and is added to the 
judgment roll. Judgment is taken upon it. Cook v. Warren, 88 
N. Y. 39 ; Bishop's Code Pr. p. 195 ; sec. 537 of the Code. 

f\Q,- A, on liis return from Europe, finds a judgment by default 
entfered against him on an aifidavit of personal service of the sum- 
mons and complaint. In fact there was no personal service. A 
does nothing for more than a year, and then comes to you. What 
would yo» advise him, and what would you do, if anything ? 

A. The judgment can be vacated, even though more than a year 
has elapsed, as it was fraudulently obtained. " The power of the 
supreme court to control its judgments, and to set aside on mo- 
tion a judgment, for fraud and deceit practiced by a party, is not 



94 CODE AND PLEADING. 

subject to the limitations of time prescribed in sees, 724, 1282 
and 1290 of the Code. Cases of fraud are not within these sec- 
tions." Furman v. Furman, 153 N. Y. 309. 

Q. The property of A, a non-resident, was attached, He was 
^seiVed by publication. Judgment was entered for the creditor, 
and execution was issued, and the property attached was sold. 
There was a deficiency. The creditor issued an execution against 
the property that was not attached, and satisfied his deficiency 
judgment therefrom. A sues for conversion. Who prevails ? 

A. A prevails. The second levy was illegal, because when the 
summons is served otherwise than personally on a non-resident, 
the judgment is substantially one in rem, and only the attached 
property is bound. Sec. 707 provides as follows : " Where a de- 
fendant, who has not appeared, is a non-resident of the state, or a 
foreign corporation, and the summons was served without the 
state, or b}' publication, pursuant to an order obtained for that pur- 
pose, as prescribed in chapter fifth of this act, the judgment can 
be enforced only against the property which has been levied upon, 
by virtue of the warrant of attachment, at the time when the 
judgment was entered." Sec. 1370 of the Code provides as fol- 
lows: "Where the warrant of attachment, issued in the action, 
has been levied, by the sheriff, the execution must substantially 
require the sheriff to satisfy the judgment, as follows : 1. Where 
the judgment debtor is a non-resident, or a foreign corporation, 
and the summons was served upon him or it, without the state, 
or otherwise than personally, pureuant to an order obtained for 
that purpose, as prescribed in chapter fifth of this act, and the 
judgment debtor has not appeared in the action ; out of the personal 
property attached, and if that is insufficient, out of the real prop- 
erty attached. 2. In any other case, out of the personal property 
attached ; and, if that is insufficient, out of the other personal 
property of the judgment debtor ; if both are insufiicient, out of 
the real property attached ; and, if that is insufficient, out of the real 
property belonging to him, at the time when the judgment was 
docketed in the clerk's office of the county, or at any other time 
thereafter." 

Q. A sheriff levies upon S200 in gold and $50 in silver under 
an execution. Your client is the judgment creditor, and asks the 



CODE AND PLEADIKG. 95 

sheriff to immediately deliver the money to him. The sheriff re- 
fuses. What are the rights of the parties ? 

A4 He can compel the sheriff to deliver to him the silver coin, 
but not the gold coin, as the latter must be sold according to sec. 
1-110 of the Code, which is as follows : " The officer, to whom an 
execution against property is delivered, must levy upon current 
money of the United States, belonging to the judgment debtor ; 
and must pay it over, as so much money collected, without expos- 
ing it for sale ; except that where it consists of gold coin, he must 
sell it, like other personal property ; unless he be otherwise directed, 
by an order of a judge, or by the judgment in the particular case." 
For the rule and reasons, see Muscott v. Woolworth, 14 How. Pr. 
477. 

Q. On January 1, 1896, A duly recovered and docketed a judg- 
ment against B for f 1,000. On February 1, 1896, C recovered and 
duly docketed a judgment against B for $2,000. Both were un- 
paid and unsatisfied on March 1, 1896, when B's father died in- 
testate, seized of an estate of real property, to which estate B suc- 
ceeded as the only heir-at-law. A and C issued executions, and 
the land is sold under both for f 900. How is it distributed ? 

A. The money realized from the sale should be distributed in( 
proportion to the amount of the judgments. Neither is entitled to 
the whole amount, to the exclusion of the other. "Under sec. 
1251 of the Code, docketed judgments became liens simultaneously, 
and without priority between them, upon real property subsequently 
acquired by the judgment debtor during ten years from the filing 
of the judgment roll, at the time of his acquisition of the property. 
Hence when there are several judgments docketed against the 
judgment debtor at the time he acquires property, the judgment 
first docketed is not prior lien on such after-acquired property, but 
all the judgments are entitled to rank equally." Matter of Haz- 
73 Hun, 22. 




On August 1, 1879, A recovered a judgment against B for 
|l,&00, but issued no execution. On September 15, 1890, without 
further action, A issues execution to the sheriff, and the latter 
sells the real estate owned by B, August 1, 1879 to C. C desires 
to sell to your client. Is the title good ? What would you have 
done if you were A's attorney ? 



96 CODE AND PLBADIKG. 

A. The title is • not good. Before execution was issued, a no- 
tice should have been filed in the county clerk's office, describing 
the judgment, the execution and the property levied upon, accord- 
ing to sec. 1252 of the Code, which is as follows : " When ten 
years after the filing of the judgment roll have expired, real prop- 
erty or a chattel real, which the judgment debtor, or real property 
which a person, deriving his right or title thereto, as heir or de- 
visee of the judgment debtor, then has, in any county, may be levied 
upon, by virtue of an execution against property, issued to the 
sheriff of that county, upon a judgment hereafter rendered, by fil- 
ing, with the clerk of that county, a notice, subscribed by the 
sheriff, describing the judgment, the execution, and the property 
levied upon ; and, if the interest levied upon is that of an heir or 
devisee, specifiying that fact, and the name of the heir or devisee. 
The notice must be recorded and indexed by the clerk, as the no- 
tice of the pendency of an action. For that purpose, the judgment 
debtor, or his heir or devisee, named in the notice, is regarded as 
a party to an action. The judgment binds, and becomes a charge 
upon, the right and title thus levied upon, of the judgment debtor, 
or of his heir or devisee, as the case may be, only from the time of 
recording and indexing the notice, and until the execution is set 
aside, or ^turned." 

Qf A recovered and docketed a judgment against B. While the 
judgment was in force, B purchased a piece of real estate from C, 
taking the title thereto in his own name. At the same time, and 
as a part pf the transaction, B gave a mortgage thereon to C, to 
secure the' purchase price. A issues an execution, and claims that 
his judgment takes precedence over C's mortgage. What are the 
rights of the parties ? State the rule. 

A. The purchase money mortgage has priority, according to 
sec. 1254 of the Code, which is as follows : " Where real property 
is sold and conveyed, and at the same time, a mortgage thereupon 
is given by the purchaser, to secure the payment of the whole or a 
part of the purchase money, the lien of the mortgage, upon that 
real property, is superior to the lien of the previous judgment 
against the purchaser." 

sLQ. a was indebted to B in the sum of $2,000. He transfers to 
hisVif e valuable real estate in fraud of his creditors. B then re- 



CODE AND PLEADING. 



'9l 



^ 



covers judgment against A, and upon discovering the above*^t4-,'< 
comes to you for advice. What would you advise are his rights ? 

A. A should issue execution upon his judgment, and when the 
execution is returned unsatisfied, he may maintain a judgment cred- 
itor's action to have the transfer set aside, according to sec. 1871 
of the Code, which is as follows: "Where an execution, against 
the property of a judgment debtor, issued out of a court of record, 
as prescribed in the next section, has been returned wholly or partly 
unsatisfied, the judgment creditor may maintain an action against 
the judgment debtor, and any other person, to compel the discov- 
ery of anything in action, or other property belonging to the judg- 
ment debtor, and of any money, thing in action, or other property 
due to him, or held in trust for him ; to prevent the transfer 
thereof, or the payment or delivery thereof, to him, or to any other 
person ; and to procure satisfaction of the plaintiff's demand as pre- 
scribed in the next section but one." Sec. 1873 provides : " The 
final judgment in the action must direct and provide for the satis- 
faction of the sum due to the plaintiff, out of ahj^ money, thing in 
action, or other personal property, belonging to, or due to the judg- 
ment debtor, or held in trust for him, which is discovered in the 
action ; whether the same might or might not have been originally 
taken." See sees. 1874 to 1879 inclusive. 



Q. A owes B $5,000. He transfers certain property to his daugh- 
^r for the purpose of defrauding his creditors. What steps must 
B take, in order to maintain a judgment creditor's action, to set 
the transfer aside ? 

A. B should commence an action, obtain judgment, issue execu- 
tion, and after the same is returned unsatisfied, commence a judg- 
ment creditor's action. It is absolutely essential to have the| 
execution returned unsatisfied, before commencing the judgment 
creditor's action. 

Q. What would you allege in denying corporate existence ? 

A. Sec. 1776 of Code covers this question, and is as follows : 
" In an action, brought by or against a corporation, the plaintiff 
need not prove, upon the trial, the existence of the corporation, 
unless the answer is verified, and contains an affirmative allegation 
that the plaintiff, or the defendant, as the case may be, is not a 
corporation." 
7 



98 CODE AND PLEADING. 

Q. A is assaulted and ifijured Ipy B, and has a cause of action 
' therefor. A assigns the cause of action to C, who brings suit uggjL 
it. Can he maintain the action ? " • (^^^^ "^-OL G-^yWC- g:- ^< 

A. No. This being a persona^action is not assignable, accord- 
ing to sec. 1910 of the Code, which is as follows : " Any claim or 
demand can be transferred, except in one of the following cases : 
1. Where it is to recover damages for a personal injury, or for a 
breach of promise to marry. 2. Where it is founded upon a grant, 
which is made void by a statute of the state ; or upon a claim to 
or interest in real property, a grant of which, by the transferror, 
would be void by such a statute. 3. Where a transfer thereof is 
expressly forbidden by a statute of the state, or of the United 
States, or would contravene public policy." 

Q. A and B commit a joint assault and battery upon C. C 
sues A without any allegation in the complaint as to B. A de- 
murs on the ground that B should be'a party. Should the de- 
murrer be sustained ? 

A. No. Joint tort feasors are jointly and severally liable. 
" Where a personal injufy results from the negligence or wilful 
misconduct of several tort feasors, they are separately as well as 
jointly liable ; the party injured may sue all or either of the wrong- 
doers." Creed v. Hartmann, 29 N. Y. 591. 

Q. A and B, two minors, assault C, who claims $1,000 damages 
from each. A's father pays C |500, which C accepts in full set- 
tlement against A, and gives a written release. Subsequently C 
brings suit against B to recover $1,000 damages for the assault. 
Has B any defense to the action ? Give your reasons. 

A. B has a perfect defense to the action, as satisfaction by one 
joint tort feasor is a satisfaction for all. " The rule is, that a 
party receiving an injury from the wrongful acts of others, is en- 
titled to but one satisfaction, and that an accord and satisfaction 
by, or a release or other discharge by the voluntary act of the 
party injured, of one, of two or more joint tort feasors, is a dis- 
charge of all." Barrett v. R. R., 45 N. Y. 628. 

Q. A is injured through the negligence of B and C. He brings 
suit against B and recovers judgment, and issues execution, but as 
B is financially irresponsible, the execution is returned wholly un- 



CODE AND PLfiADING. 99 

satisfied. A then brings suit against C, who sets up the judgment 
which A had obtained against B as a defense. Judgment for 
whom and why?' 

A. Judgment for A. " The fact that the plaintiff had recovered 
judgment against the brewing company, it not appearing that the 
judgment thus recovered had been actually paid or satisfied, did 
not debar the plaintiff from appealing from the judgment in favor 
of the railroad company, as a judgment recovered against one of 
two joint wrongdoers is, until paid or satisfied, no bar to the pros- 
ecution of an action for the same cause against the other wrong- 
doer." Hurley v. Brewing Co., 13 App. Div. 167. 

(Q. a and B, minors, together assault C. A's father settles 
i^ith C for A for flOO. C assigns his rights against B to D, who 
brings suit against B, your client. State how many and what 
defenses you would set up. , , 

A. There are two defenses here : 1. A personal, action cannot^ 
be assigned. Pulver v. Harris, 52 N. Y. 73 ; sec. 1910 of the Code. 
2. Satisfaction by one of two joint tort feasors is a satisfaction for 
all. Barrett v. R. R., supra. 

Q. A sues B and C in an action for assault and battery com- 
mitted by the two jointly. On recovering judgment, he issues 
execution and recovers "the wJiole amount of B. What right, if 
any, has B against C ? State the general rule; 

A. B has no rights whatever against C, as there is no contribu- 
tion between tort feasors. " In actions for joint torts, a joint lia- 
bility exists, and a recovery may be enforced against any one of the 
defendants. The party paying such claim has no right to contri- 
bution from the other defendants, even although by the payments 
he has relieved them from liability. The principle upon which 
these decisions are made is that whenever the liability arises ex 
delicto, there is no contribution." Andrews v. Murray, 33 Barb. 
354. 

Q. A received a plurality of votes cast for county clerk, but the 
board of county canvassers issued a certificate of election to his 
opponent. A comes to you for advice before his opponent takes 
office. What are his rights, and what proceedings would you take 
to enforce them ? 



100 CODE AND PLEADING. 

A. He can obtain a writ of certiorari to review the action of the 
board under sec. 2120 of the Code, et seq., or he maj' pursue the 
remedy prescribed in sec. 133 of the Election Law of 1896, and cor- 
rect the error of the board by a writ of mandamus. Sec. 133 of 
the Election Law provides in part as follows : " The supreme court 
may, upon affidavit presented by any elector, showing that errors 
liave occurred in any statement or determination made by the state 
board of canvassers, or by any board of county canvassers, or that 
any such board has failed to act in conformity to law, make an 
order requiring such board to correct such errors, or perform its 
duties in the manner prescribed by law, or show cause why such 
correction should not be made, or such duty performed. If such 
board shall fail or neglect to make such correction, or perform 
such duty, or show cause as aforesaid, the court may compel such 
board, by writ of mandamus, to correct such errors or perform 
such duty ; and if it shall have made its determination and dis- 
solved, to reconvene for the purpose of making such corrections or 
performing such duty. ... A special proceeding authorized by 
this section must be commenced within four months after the state- 
ment or determination in which it is claimed that errors have oc- 
curred was made, or within four months after it was the duty of 
the board to act in the particular or particulars as to which it is 
claimed to have failed to perform its duty." 

Q. A was legally elected to the office of sheriff of his county. 
B claimed that he was elected, and has taken possession and is ad- 
ministering the office. A says he is bound to oust the usurper and 
obtain possession. How wiU A enforce his rights, and how are the 
issues triable ? 

A. A can have an action brought by the attorney general on A's 
relation to oust the usurper under sec. 1948 of the Code, which in 
part is as follows : " The attorney general may maintain an action, 
upon his own information, or upon the complaint of a private per- 
son, in either of the following cases : 1. Against a person who 
usurps, intrudes into, or unlawfully holds or exercises within the 
state, a franchise, or a public office, civil or mUitary, or an 
office in a domestic corporation." The issues in such an action 
are triable as a matter of right by a jury. Sees. 1949 and 1950 of 
the Code. 



CODE AND PLEADIJTG. 101 

Q. What is the difference between a writ of certiorari and a writ 
of mandamus ? 

A. " The office of a mandamus is to set a ministerial or adminis- 
trative officer in motion, and to compel him to act, while a cer- 
tiorari may be resorted to, t o review the legality of his act a nd if 
found illegal to set aside or reverse it. The judgment of an offi cer, 
cour t, or body_ char ged with judicial functions cannot be coerced by ■ 
mandamu^ The most that can be accomplished by that writ is to 
compel such officer, court or body to act, leaving the decision to 
the free exercise of the tribunal charged with the duty of deciding, 
and reserving to the party affected, the right to review the decision 
by certiorari or appeal." People ex rel. v. Rosendale, 76 Hun 103.* 

Q. What are the different kinds of mandamus, and define each ? 

A. "A writ of mandamus is either alternative or peremptory. 
The alternative writ may be granted upon an affidavit, or other 
written proof, showing a proper case therefor, and either with or 
without previous notice of the application, as the court thinks 
proper." Sec. 2067 of the Code. " A peremptory writ of manda- 
mus may be issued, in the first instance, wher.e the applicant's right 
to the mandamus depends onl y upon questions of law , and notice of 
the application has been given to a judge of the court, or to the cor- 
poration, board, or other body, officer, or other person, to which or 
to whom it is directed .... except as prescribed in this section, or 
by special provision of law, a peremptory writ of mandamus cannot 
be issued, until an alternative mandamus has been issued and duly 
served, and the return day thereof has elapsed." Sec. 2070 of the 
Code. 

Q. Your client was a member of a mutual benefit association. 
He was expelled from it by proceedings which were not in accord 
with the laws of the society. What remedy would you pursue 
to reinstate him in the society? 

A. The remedy is by writ of mandamus. " The expulsion was 
illegal, and he was entitled to a peremptory writ of mandamus 
for his reinstatement. The relator was not required to exhaust 
the means provided in the by-laws for reinstatement before re- 
sorting to a mandamus ; that those provisions relate to causes of 
expulsion supported by proceedings lawfully conducted, and 



102 CODE AND PLEADING. 

where the appeal is to the discretionary power of the society." 
People ex rel. v. M. M. P. Union, 118 N. Y. 101. 

Q. In a criminal proceeding, the criminal escaped after trial 
and pending an appeal. After his escape, his attorney presents to 
the trial court his case and exceptions for settlement on the ap- 
peal. The judge refuses to settle the case, and the attorney ap- 
plies for a writ of mandamus to compel him to do so. The criminal 
was not recaptured. What are the prisoner's rights and will a 
writ of mandamus lie ? 

A. A writ of mandamus will not lie, as the prisoner has no 
rights hefore the court. " It is essential to any step on behalf of 
a person charged with a felony, after indictment found, that he 
should be in custody, either actual, by being confined in jail, or 
constructive, by being let to bail. An escaped prisoner can take 
no action before the court." People v. Genet, 59 N. Y. 80. 

Q. A is dismissed from the police force by the police commis- 
sioner without a fair hearing. He consults -you. State the pro- 
ceedings you would take in the matter. 

A. Apply for a writ of certiorari, as no appeal lies. A writ of 
certiorari is issued to review the determination of a body or officer. 
It lies only when no appeal from the decision can be taken to a 
higher court. See sec. 2120 of the Code, et seq. 

Q. You find one of your most important witnesses locked up in 
jail, and it is absolutely necessary that you have him as a witness. 
State how you would proceed. 

A. Procure a writ of habeas corpus to testify, according to 
sec. 2008 of the Code, which is as follows : " A court of record, other 
than a justice's court of a city, or a judge of such a court, or a jus- 
tice of the supreme court, has power, upon the application of a 
party to an action or special proceeding, civil or criminal, pending 
therein, to issue a writ of habeas corpus, for the purpose of bring- 
ing before the court, a prisoner detained in a jail or prison, with- 
in the state, to testify as a witness in the action or special 
proceeding, in behalf of the applicant." On habeas corpus gener- 
ally see sees. 2008 to 2014, inclusive. 



4^ 



Q. The surrogate is about to take certain action in a will contest 



CODE AND PLEADING. 103 

which will be prejudicial to your client. You desire to prevent 
the action being taken. What proceedings would you take ? 

A. Apply for a writ of prohibition. This writ is used to arrest 
judicial action. It is a writ directed to some inferior court restrain- 
ing an abuse of jurisdiction. See s©er2091 of the Code, et seq. 



104 dONSTlTUTIOltAL LA"W. 



CHAPTER VI. 

Constitutional Law. 

Q. The city of Buffalo mates an assessment on property, to 
pay for certain local improvements which benefit the property, 
but gives no notice to the owner. The owner comes to you for 
advice. What are his rights, and what constitutional provision 
is involved? 

A. He has the right to have the assessment vacated. The con- 
stitutional provision involved is that part of the Fourteenth Amend- 
ment to the United States Constitution which provides as follows : 
" Nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property 
without due process of law." " A law imposing an assessment for 
local improvement, without notice to, and without a hearing, or 
an opportunity to be heard on the part of the owner of the prop- 
erty to be assessed, has the effect to deprive him of his property 
without due process of law, and is unconstitutional. The legisla- 
ture may prescribe the kind of notice, and the mode in which it 
may be given, but it cannot dispense with ajl notice. It is not 
enough that the owner may by chance have notice, or that he 
may, as a matter of favor, have a hearing ; the law must require 
notice, and give a right to a hearing." Stuart v. Palmer, 74 N. Y. 
184. 

Q. The provisions of a treaty made between the United States 
and Great Britain are in conflict with a statute of the United 
States which has been in force since 1796. The court is called 
upon to determine which is binding upon it, the treaty or the stat- 
ute. What should its judgment be and why ? 

A. The judgment should be, that the last in order of time, pre- 
vails. Art. 6 of the United States Constitution provides in part 
as follows : " This Constitution, and the laws of the United States 
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made 
or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. l05 

shall be the supreme law of the laud, and the judges in every 
state shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution, or laws 
in any state to the contrary notwithstanding." " As between a 
law of the United States made in pursuance of the Constitution, 
and a treaty made under the authority of the United States, if the 
two in any of their provisions are found to conflict, the last one 
in point of time must control. For the one as well as the other is 
an act of sovereignty, differing only in form and in the organ and 
agency through which the sovereign will is declared. Each alike 
is the law of the land in its adoption, and the last law must repeal 
everything that is of no higher authority which is found to come 
in conflict with it. A treaty may therefore supersede a prior act 
of Congress, and on the other hand, an act of Congress may su- 
■ persede a prior treaty." Cooley, Const. Law, pp. 31, 32. See Fos- 
ter V. Neilson, 2 Peters (U. S.), 253. 

Q. A commits a crime. After the crime was committed, but 
before sentence, a law is passed increasing the penalty and provid- 
ing that it shall apply to " all crimes heretofore as well as hereaf- 
ter committed." He is sentenced according to this statute, and 
the case is taken to the higher court on appeal. What should the 
appellate court do ? 

A. The judgment should be reversed, for as to him the law is 
ex post facto and therefore void. Ex post facto laws are classified 
in the leading case of Calder v. Bull, 3 Dallas CU. S.), 386, as 
follows : 1. Every law which makes an action done before the pass- 
ing of the law, and which was innocently done, criminal, and pun- 
ishes such action. 2. Every law that aggravates a crime, or makes 
it greater than it was when committed. 3. Every law that changes 
the punishment, and inflicts a greater punishment than the law 
annexed to the crime when committed. 4. Every law that alters 
the legal rules of evidence, and receives less or different testimony 
than the law required at the commission of the crime, in order to 
convict the offender. " That is an ex post facto law, which in- 
creases the punishment denounced against the act, when com- 
mitted, or punishes an offense in a manner in which it was not 
punishable when committed, irrespective of its comparative se- 
verity, unless the now punishment is one the same in kind as 
the old but less in degree. A person against whom a wrong judg- 
ment is pronounced upon a regular trial and conviction under an 



106 CONSTITUIONAL LAW. 

ex post facto law, cannot be subjected to another trial. Shepard 
V. People, 25 N. Y. 406. A statute which permits the infliction 
of a lesser degree of the same kind of punishment than was per- 
missible when the offense was committed is not ex post facto. 
People V. Hayes, 140 N. Y. 484. 

Q. The statute provides that any person who engages in the 
business or works as a barber on Sunday, shall be deemed to^be 
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall be fined 
and imprisoned. Your client is -a barber and does, not believe in 
Sunday as a religious institution, and who needs the money that 
the carrying on of the business on Sunday brings him. He is ar- 
rested for violating the statute. Is such a statute valid? If so, 
upon what principle can it be maintained ? 

A. This statute is valid as a proper exercise of the police power. 
" The act, which makes it a misdemeanor for any person to carry on 
or engage in the business or work of a barber on Sundaj'-, is a valid 
exercise of the police power by the legislature, works no deprivation 
of liberty or propertj- within the meaning of the Constitution, and 
does not violate the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitu- 
tion by denying the equal protection of the law." People v. Hav- 
nor, 149 N. Y. 195. " All property and all rights within the juris- 
diction of the state are subject to the regulations and restraints of 
its police power, except so far as they are removed therefrom, by 
the express provisions or implications of the Federal Constitution. 
The police power may be defined in general terms, as that power 
which inheres in the legislature to make, ordain, and establish all 
manner of reasonable regulations and laws whereby to preserve the 
peace and order of society, and the safety of its membeis, and to 
prescribe the mode and manner in which everyone may so use and 
enjoy that which is his own, as not to preclude a corresponding use 
and enjoyment of their own by others." Cooley, Const. Law, p. 338. 
" The Fourteenth Amendment is held not to have taken from the 
states, the police power reserved to them at the time of the adop- 
tion of the Constitution. It does not deprive the states of the right 
to preserve order within their limits, to pass laws against crimes, 
and punish offenders, to regulate relations between individuals, to 
control for the public good the use of private property, to protect 
the health, life, and the safety of the people, and, to that end, not 
only to enact suitable legislation, but to destroy private property 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 107 

that is dangerous to the well being of the state." Cooley, Const. 
Law, p. 251. 

Q. The legislature passes an act prohibiting the manufacture 
of cigars in any form in tenement houses. The constitutionality 
of the law is attacked, but it is upheld by the court. On appeal, 
what should the decision be ? 

A. The decision should be, that the law is unconstitutional. 
" While generally, it is for the legislature to determine what laws 
are required to protect and secure public health, comfort, and safety, 
under the guise of police regulation, it may not arbitrarily infringe 
upon personal or property rights, and its determination as to what 
is a proper exercise of the power, is not final or conclusive, but is 
subject to the scrutiny'of the courts. When, therefore, the legis- 
lature passes an act ostensibly for the public health, but which does 
not relate to, and is inappropriate for the purpose, and which de- 
stroys the property or interferes with the rights of citizens, it is 
within the province of the court to determine this fact, and to de- 
clare the act violative of the constitutional guaranties of those 
rights." Matter of Jacobs, 98 N. Y. 98, a leading case on the po- 
lice power. 

Q. A purchases a lot in New York City, intending to erect thereon 
a building. Before he commences work, the legislature passes a 
law extending the fire limits, the effect of which is to prohibit A 
from building anything but a brick or stone house. A, not having 
the necessary means to build a house of such materials, is prevented 
from building. Is the law constitutional? 

A. This law is constitutional. This is a legitimate exercise of the 
police power, because it has for its purpose the protection of 
the lives and property of its people, and does not deprive them 
of property without due process of law. Matter of Jacobs, supra. 

Q. A and B are husband and wife. The evidence of his wife 
is inadmissible at the time C sues B on a certain claim. There- 
after the legislature passes a law, providing that the wife's 
evidence shall be admissible. C, being informed that the wife has 
knowledge of certain facts material to his case, the evidence of 
which would be admissible under the new law, subpoenas her. 
Objection is made to the admissibility of the evidence. Is the 
objection good? 



108 CONSTItUTIONAt, LAW. 

A. The evidence is admissible, as the law is constitutional. 
While the legislature cannot take from persons vested rights without 
compensation, the remedy by which rights are to be enforced, or 
defended, are within the absolute control of that branch of the 
government. There is no vested right in a rule of evidence, as 
such rules only effect the remedy, and it is within the constitu- 
tional power of the legislature to modify them, and to enact new 
rules as to the qualifications and competency of witnesses. South- 
wick V. Southwick, 49 N. Y. 510 ; Howard v. Moot, 64 N. Y. 262. 

(Note.) Tlie phrase "ex post facto" applies only to criminal cases, and 
penal statutes; it has no application to civil cases. The legislature has power 
in relation to general civil legislation, to enact laws and to give them retroac- 
tive operation. Dash V. Van Kleek, 7 Johns. 477. '' ", ■ y/-- - ^'^a^/.Ci 

^'i'j^-.-i Ci ^'-'•-■^ - '-'■«-■ t.^-' ->^<' : , •■• • o-'-'.'-._f ^i f^-'\^^< 

Q. A is anxious to obtain a right of way through B's land, and 
offers to purchase it from B, but B refuses to sell it to him. A 
procures the passage of an act by the legislature, which by its 
terms compels B to sell the right of way to A. B attacks the 
constitutionality of the law in the courts. What should the 
decision be? 

A. The decision must be, that the law is unconstitutional. 
" The statute authorizing a private road to be laid out over the 
lands of a person without his consent is unconstitutional and void. 
The legislature can exercise the right of eminent domain for public 
purposes only. Private property cannot be taken even for a public I 
use, without making just compensation to the owner." Taylor v. 
Porter, 4 Hill, 140. 

Q. A railroad corporation is authorized by the railroad law to 
condemn private property for the purposes of its incorporation. 
The railroad seeks to condemn property belonging to A, so that it 
may build a storage warehouse thereon, in which the goods of its 
shippers along its road may be kept, until a favorable market 
for their sale exists. A brings action to restrain this. Can the 
action be maintained? 

A. A can restrain the threatened act. "The acquisition of 
lands for speculation of sales, or to prevent interference by com- 
peting lines, or methods of transportation, or in aid of collateral 
enterprises, remotely connected with the running or operating of 
the road, although they may increase its revenue and business, 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 109 

are not such purposes as authorize the condemnation of private 
property therefor, and is unconstitutional." R. R. Co. v. Davis, 
43 N. Y. 137. 

(Note.) "The eminent domain may be defined as the lawful authority 
which exists in every sovereignty to control and regulate those rights of a 
public nature, which pertains to its citizens, and to appropriate and control 
individual property for the public benefit, as the public safety, necessity, 
convenience, or welfare may demand." Cooley, Const. Law p. 363. 

Q. A railroad company, having a station in a certain city, finds 
it necessary, because of the increase of business, to have a larger 
station. It owns no land itself, and the property owners will not 
sell. The railroad company consults you. What would you ad- 
vise? 

A. The railroad company can institute condemnation proceed- 
ings. "Passenger depots, convenient and proper places for the 
storing and keeping of cars and locomotives, proper, secure, and 
convenient places for the receipt and delivery of freight, are among 
the acknowledged necessities for the running and operating of a 
railroad ; and the right to take land for these purposes is included 
ill the grant of power which authorizes railroad corporations to ac- 
quire real property for the purposes of their incorporation or for 
the purpose of running or operating their road." R. E. Co. v. Kip, 
46 N. Y. 546. See sec. 3359, et seq. of the Code of Civ. Pro. on 
condemnation proceedings. 

Q. The New York State Constitution provides that the legis- 
lature shall not incoi-porate any corporation by special act, except 
for municipal purposes or when in its judgment, its objects cannot 
be carried out under the general law. The legislature passes a 
law, incorporating a certain company for purposes not municipal. 
Can that act of the legislature be reviewed ? 

A. No. " By the constitution of this state it is declared that 
corporations may be formed under general laws, and shall not 
be created by special act, except in cases where in the judgment of 
the legislature the objects of the corporation cannot be attained 
under the general laws. By this provision of the constitution, it 
is left to the legislature to decide whether the objects of the cor- 
poration can be attained under a general law. It is well settled in 
this state, that whether a special act of incorporation is necessary 
or not, is a matter in the discretion of the legislature, and the 



110 CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 

courts have no power to review this action of the legislature." 
People V. Bowen, 21 N. Y. 517 ; Met. Bank v. Van Dyck, 27 
N. Y. 448. 

Q. A right of action was vested. At that time there was a 
statute of limitation of five years. Four years passed before the 
action was brought. Previously, however, a law was passed chang- 
ing the limitation to four years, thus i>arring the plaintiff's right 
of action. Is this law valid as against plaintiff ? What is the prin- 
ciple involved ? 

A. The law is void as against plaintiff, being unconstitutional. 
An enactment of a new statute of limitation is unconstitutional as 
to existing causes of action, if it fails to allow a reasonable time, 
after it takes effect, for the commencement of suits thereon. It is 
not enough that the act affords a reasonable interval between its 
passage or becoming a law, and its taking effect. "The right 
possessed by a person of enforcing his claim against another is 
property, and if a statute of limitation acting upon the right, de- 
prives the claimant of a reasonable time within which suit may be 
brought, it violates the constitutional provisions " that no person 
shall be deprived of property without due process of law." There 
is no question as to the power of the legislature to pass, or to 
shorten statutes of limitations. A party has no more a vested in- 
terest in the time for the commencement of an action, than he has 
in the form of the action. The only restriction upon the legisla- 
ture in the enactment of statutes of limitations is that a reasonable 
time be allowed for suits upon causes of action theretofore exist- 
ing." Gray, J., in Gilbert v. Ackerman, 159 N. Y. 118. See also 
People V. Turner,117 N. Y. 227.' 

Q. A commits a crime in May, 1895. The statute of limitation 
then for that crime was three years. In May, 1898, the legislature 
passes an act by which the limitation is extended to five years. In 
June, 1899, A is arrested for the offense committed May, 1895. 
You are called upon to advise as to his rights, and as to the con- 
stitutionality of the law. What would be your advice ? 

A. The law is ex post facto as to A, and therefore unconstitu- 
tional and void. " A law requiring all indictments to be found 
^and filled within three years after the commission of the offense, 
by extending the time to five years, does not apply to offenses com- 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. Ill 

niitted prior to the passage thereof." People v. Lord, 12 Hun, 

282. 

Q. A was elected to the office of district attorney of X County, 
the term of oiBce then being two years. Subsequently the legisla- 
ture passes an act extending his term to four years. This is attacked 
as unconstitutional. What should be the decision of the court? 

A. The law is unconstitutional and void. An incumbent's term 
of office cannot be prolonged by the legislature, where the office 
can only be filled by election or appointment, for this would be in 
effect an appointment by the legislature, an'd therefore void. Peo- 
ple ex rel. v. Palmer, 154 N. Y. 133 ; Matter of Kelly v. Van Wyck, 
35 Misc. 210. 

Q. A was elected to a public office, which had certain fees at- 
tached to it by law. He qualifies, and enters upon the duties of 
his office. Subsequently, tlie legislature passes an act reducing his 
fees. What are A's rights ? Is the law constitutional ? 

A. The law is unconstitutional. It violates the prohibition con- 
tained in art. 3, sec. 18 of the New York Constitution, which is as 
follows : " The legislature shall not pass a private or local bill in 
any of the following cases : Creating, increasing or decreasing fees, 
percentage or allowances of public officers who are elected or ap- 
pointed." 

Q. The legislature passes an act changing the name of John 
Brown to Thomas Smith. John Brown objects and consults you 
as to his rights. What would you advise him ? Is the act valid ? 

A. The act is unconstitutional and void. Art. 3, sec. 18 of the 
New York Constitution provides in part as follows: "The legis- 
lature shall not pass a private or local bill in any of the following 
cases : 1. Changing the names of persons." 

Q. The legislature passes an act, authorizing a street railroad 
company to lay its tracks along certain streets without any further 
proceedings. The property owners along the street object. Have 
they any remedy ? Give your opinion as to this legislation. 

A. The act is unconstitutional and void. The abutting owners 
can enjoin the laying of the tracks, and the operation of the road. 
Art. 3, sec. 18, further provides as follows : " But no law shall au- 



112 CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 

thorize the construction or operation of a street railroad, except 
upon condition that tlie consent of the owners of one-half in value 
of the property bounded on, and the consent also of the local au- 
thorities having control of that portion of the street or highway, 
upon which it is proposed to construct or operate such railroad, be 
first obtained, or in case the consent of such property owners can- 
not be obtained, the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of 
the department in which it is proposed to be constructed, may upon 
application, appoint three commissioners, who shall determine after 
a hearing of all the parties interested, whether such railroad ought 
to be constructed or op'erated, and their determination confirmed 
by the court, may be taken in lieu of the consent of the property 
owners." 

Q. A railroad corporation desired to operate its road through 
the streets of X, and was unable to secure the property owners' 
consent. Subsequently, the corporation applies to the Appellate 
Division for the appointment of commissioners, who decide that 
the company cannot operate its road through the streets of X. The 
Appellate Division confirms the report of the commissioners. 
Thereafter the legislature passes a special act, giving to the com- 
pany the right to operate its road through the streets of X. Is 
the law unconstitutional ? 

A. The law is unconstitutional and void. The commissioners 
having decided against the operation of the road, the case stands 
the same as if no application was made, therefore the act, attempt- 
ing to give the right to lay down the tracks without the property 
owners' consent is in contravention of art. 3, sec. 18 of the New 
York Constitution, supra, and void. 

Q. The legislature passes an act, limiting the amount of damages 
recoverable for injuries resulting in death. Is this act constitu- 
tional ? 

A. This act is clearly unconstitutional, being in contravention of 
art. 1, sec. 18 of the New York constitution, which is as follows: 
" The right of action now existing to recover damages for injuries 
resulting in death, shall never be abrogated ; and the amount recov- 
erable shall not be subject to any statutory limitation." 

^^ Q. A was charged with the commission of a criminal offense in 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 113 

a certain county of this state, was indicted, tried, and acquitted. 
Subsequently, it was claimed that the offense for which he had been 
tried was really committed in an adjoining county, and he was in- 
dicted, tried, and convicted in that county for tlie same offense. 
During the second trial, the district attorney put him upon the 
witness stand against the objection of his counsel, and he' was com- 
pelled to testify, that he was present at the time and place at which 
the offense was committed. A appeals from the conviction. Is 
the appeal well taken ? State your reasons. 

A. The appeal is well taken, and judgment must be reversed. 
The second trial was in violation of the constitutional provision, 
" that no person shall be subject for the same offense to be twice 
put in jeopardy of life or limb." An acquittal is a bar to any sub- 
sequent trial for the same offense. Sec. 9 of the Code of Crim. 
Pro. covera this point, and is as follows : " No person can be sub- 
jected to a second prosecution for a crime for which he has been 
once prosecuted and duly convicted or acquitted." As to the other 
point, it was a violation of the constitutional provision, which pro- 
vides : " That no person can be compelled in a criminal action to 
be a witness against himself." This provision is also found in 
sec. 10 of the Code of Crim. Pro. 

Q. A is indicted for murder in the first degree. He is put on 
trial and convicted of murder in the second degree. He appeals 
from the conviction, and the appellate court grants him a new trial. 
He is subsequently put on trial for murder in the first degree, and 
objects, claiming that he cannot again be tried for murder in the 
first degree. Was this objection good ? 

A. No. " Where a defendant is convicted of a lower degree of 
the crime charged in the indictment, and on appeal, judgment is 
reversed and a new trial ordered, the case stands as if there had 
been no trial, and the defendant must be tried under the indict- 
ment as it is, not simply for the lesser grade of crime of which he 
was convicted. This is not unconstitutional as subjecting a person 
to be twice put in jeopardy for the same offense, as the jeopardy 
is incurred with the consent of, and as a privilege granted to the 
defendant upon his own application." People v. Palmer, 109 
N. Y. 413. 

Q. A is indicted. The indictment contains two counts, one for 
8 



114 CONSTITUTJONAL LAW. 

burglary, and one for larceny. He is tried and convicted of larceny. 
Upon appeal, a new trial is ordered. Subsequently the district 
attorney seeks to try him for burglary. A's counsel objects. What 
should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. A cannot be tried for burglary, as a conviction on one count 
operates as an acquittal on the other counts. People v. Dowling, 

84 N. Y. 478. 

(NoTB.) The distinction between this case, arid the last one should be care- 
fully noted. One is a conviction of a lesser degree of the same crime, and 
the other, a conviction on one count of an indictment charging different crimes. 

Q. A is indicted for murder in the first degree. During the 
course of the trial, one of the jurors becomes ill and is unable to 
attend. A's counsel consents to proceed with eleven jurors. A 
is convicted. He appeals. What should\be ^he decision of the 
higher court ? 

A. The conviction is illegal and uncojistitutipnal, and must be 
set aside. In criminal cases, at least in cases or.felony, the ac- 
cused cannot waive the right of trial by jury. By JVy, is meant 
in the constitution a common-law jury. This is a Vibunal of twelve 
persons. The jury cannot consist of less than twelve, and a trial 
by less than that number even by consent, is a mistrial. If a de- 
fendant were allowed to waive his right of a trial by twelve jurors, 
he might also be allowed to waive his right of a trial by jury, which 
would in fact be a deprivation of life or liberty without due proc- 
ess of law. Cancemi v. People, 18 N. Y. 128. 

Q. A is on trial for burglary. After the evidence is all in, the 
jury retire. They deliberate for some time, and return to the court 
room asking for further instructions. The defendant is not present 
at this time. A verdict of guilty is rendered and A appeals. 
What should the decision be ? 

A. The conviction should be set aside. Sec. 427 of the Code of 
Crim. Pro. provides : " After the jury have retired for deliberation, 
if there be a disagreement between them as to any part of the tes- 
timony, or if they desire to be informed of a point of law arising in 
the cause, they must require the oflBcer to conduct them into court. ■ 
Upon their being brought into court, the information required 
must be given after notice to the district attorney and to the counsel 
for the defendant, and in cases of felony, in the presence of the de- 
fendant." 



CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. 115 

Q. A is being tried for robbery. He is compelled against his 
counsel's objection to stand up in court and be identified. He is 
convicted and appeals upon the ground that he was compelled to 
give evidence against himself. Should the appeal be sustained ? 

A. The appeal should be dismissed. " A witness under exami- 
nation, or one present in court as a party, may be compelled by the 
court to stand up to be identified. This is not a violation of the 
constitutional provision, protecting a person from being compelled 
in a criminal case to be a witness against himself." People v. Gard- 
ner, 144 N. Y. 119. 



116 COMTBACTS. 



CHAPTER VII. 

Contracts. 

Q. A writes to B, a carpenter, asking him to make certain 
oiBce fixtures, and oiTeriug to pay a certain price therefor. B did 
not reply thereto, but purchased the necessary lumber and 'began 
the work* A thereafter wrote B countermanding the order. After 
receiving this letter, B brings suit for breach of contract. Can he 
recover ? 

A. No. A's offer was never accepted. " The note did not make 
an agreement. It was a proposition, and must have been accepted 
by the plaintiff before either party was bound, in contract, to the 
other. The only overt action which is claimed by the plaintiff, as 
indicating on his part an acceptance of the offer, was the purchase 
of the stuff necessary for the work, and commencing work, as we 
understand the testimony, upon that stuff. We understand the 
rule to be, that where an offer is made by one party to another when 
they are not together, the acceptance of it by that other must 
be manifested by some appropriate act. It does not need that the 
acceptance shall come to the knowledge of the one making the offer, 
before he shall be bound. But though the manifestation need 
not be brought to his knowledge before he becomes bound, he 
is not bound, if that manifestation is not put in a proper way, 
to be, in the usual course of events, in some reasonable time com- 
municated to him. In the case in hand, the plaintiff determined 
to accept. But a mental determination, not indicated by speech, or 
put in course of indication by act to the other party, is not an 
Lacceptance which will bind the other. Nor does an act, which, 

itself, is no indication of an acceptance, become such, because 
accompanied by an unevinced mental determination. Where the act 
uninterpreted by concurrent evidence of the mental purpose 
ao/companying it, is as well referable to one state of facts as another, 
ii is no indication to the other party, of an acceptance, and does not 
operate to hold him to his offer. Conceding that the testimony 



CONTRACTS. llT 

shows that the plaintiff did resolve to accept this offer, he did no 
act which indicated an acceptance of it, to the defendants. He, a 
carpenter and builder, purchased stuff for the work. But it was 
stuff as fit for any other like work. There was nothing in his 
thought formed but not uttered, or in his acts that indicated or set 
in motion, an indication to the defendants of his acceptance of their 
offer, or which could necessarily result therein." Folger, J., in 
White V. Corlies, 46 N. Y. 467. 

Q. A wires B that he has a horse, and thinks that he will suit 
B, describing him, whereupon B writes A that he will take the horse 
if he " will filLthe bill." > A immediately telegraphs B, " The horse is 
yours," and sends the horse to B by his man. B refuses to take 
the horse saying that he has bought no horse of A. What 
are the rights "of the parties ? Give reasons. ' i 

A. A has no rights against P, as there was no contract. B's 
reply was not an acceptance of A's offer, nor was it a counter-offer. 
In order to have a contract, there must be mutual assent of the 
parties. An offer to sell imposes no obligation, until it is accepted 
according to its terms,. For a case covering this j)oint, see 
Stagg V. Compton, 88 Ind. 171, the principle of which is fully 
recognized in this state. 

Q. A is an auctioneer, and B is a bidder on certain property ; 
the auctioneer says, " one, two, three," but before the hammer falls, 
B revokes his bid. The auctioneer said, " Sold to B for so much." 
What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. There was no contract, as the offer was withdrawn before 
acceptance. The auctioneer is the agent of the vendor, and the 
assent of both parties is necessary to make the contract binding ; 
that is signified on the part of the seller, by knocking down the 
hammer, which was not done here till the bidder had retracted. 
Every bidding is nothing more than an offer on one side, which is 
not binding on either side till it is assented to. This principle has 
been firmly established since the leading English case of Payne v. 
Cave, 3 Term Rep. 148, and uniformly followed in this state. 

Q. Defendant wrote to plaintiff offering to sell a horse for |200. 
Plaintiff replied that he would reply in five days. As he is about 
to mail letter, he receives a telegram withdrawing the offer. He 



118 CONTRACTS. 

reads the telegram and mails the acceptance of the offer. What 
are the rights of the parties ? 

A. There is no contract here, as the offer was withdrawn before 
its acceptance. The receipt of the telegram operated as a revoca- 
tion of the offer, and therefore, the attempted acceptance wdis of 
no avail, as there was no offei" in existence at that time capable of- 
being accepted. An offer niay always be withdrawn before it is 
accepted. The revocation of an offer, to be effective, must always 
be communicated to the offeree. This principle is elementary 
and requires no citation of authorities. 

Q. A in New York writes B in California making a proposition 
of contract. Upon receipt of a letter, B mails aij answer accept- 
ing his proposition ; next day B telegraphs A rejecting the offer, 
telegram and letter reaching A at the same time. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. There is a contract here, which arose upon the mailing of the 
letter of acceptance, irrespective of the time when the letter was 
received. An acceptance once given cannot be withjdrawn, and 
therefore, the telegram, retracting the acceptance, has no effect. 
" Where two parties, both being present together, enter into nego- 
tiations looking to the making of a contract, the minds of both 
must ordinarily meet, at the same time, upon the same identical 
terms, or no contract is made. Where the parties reside at a dis- 
tance from each other, and the negotiation is conducted by written 
correspondence, though there must be the assent of both parties, 
to the same provisions, it is of course impracticable that such as- 
sent should be manifested simultaneously. One must state what 
he is willing to agree to, and the other must, wlien the proposition 
has reached him, assent to the same terms, and in some manner 
manifest that assent." Selden, J., in Vassar v. Camp, 11 N. Y. 
441. " It is only necessary, that there should be a concurrence of. 
the minds of the parties upon a distinct proposition, manifested by 
an overt act, and the sending of a letter, announcing the consent to 
the proposal was a sufficient manifestation, and consummated the 
contract, from the time it was sent. The sending of a letter ac- 
cepting the proposition is regarded as an acceptance, because it is 
an overt act clearly manifesting the intention of the party sending 
it, to close with the offer of him to whom it is sent, and thus mak- 



CONTRACTS. 119 

ing that ' aggregatio mentium ' which is necessary to constitute a 
contract." Scrugham, J.,inTrevor v. Wood, 36 N. Y. 307. "The 
minds of the parties met, when the plaintiff complied with the us- 
ual, or even occasional practice, and left the acceptance in a place 
of deposit recognized as such by the defendant. This doctrine is 
analogous to that which has been adopted in the case of communi- 
cation by letter or by telegram. The principle governing these 
cases is, that there is a concurrence of the minds of the parties up- 
on a distinct proposition, manifested by an overt act." Dwight, C, 
in Howard v. Daly, 61 N. Y. 362. 

Q. A wrote B, offering to sell the latter 100 barrels of flour at 
$10 per barrel, and gave the latter ten days in which to accept orjt 
reject the proposition. On the third day thereafter, A sold thet 
flour to C, and B on the fourth day, without notice, wrote A ac^ 
cepting the offer. B on learning of the sale, brings suit against A.-j 
Judgment for whom and why ? Suppose B had notice of the sale 
before accepting the offer ; how would this affect your answer ? 

A. Judgment for B, but if he had notice of the sale, no recovery 
would be allowed. While in general, a revocation of an offer to be 
effective must be communicated to the offeree by the offeror, yet 
it is held that any act of the offeror, inconsistent with the con- 
tinuance of the offer, and which comes to the knowledge of the 
offeree, constitutes a revocation. B here accepted before the of- 
fer was withdrawn, a,nd therefore can recover. But of course, if ^ 
he pbtained information of the sale to C before accepting, his ac- 
ceptance would be of no effect. " It appears to me, that there is 
neither principle nor authority, that there must be an express and 
actual withdrawal of the offer, or what is called a retraction. It 
must, to constitute a contract, appear that the two minds wei'e at 
one, at the same moment of time, that is, that there was an offer 
continuing up to the time of the acceptance. If there was not such 
a continuing offer, then the acceptance comes to nothing. Of 
course it may well be, that the one man is bound in some way or 
other to let the other man know that his mind with regard to the 
offer has been changed ; but in this case, beyond all question, the 
plaintiff knew that D was no longer minded to sell the property 
to him as plainly and clearly as if D had told him in so many 
words, ' I withdra^y the offer.' It is to my mind quite clear that 
before there was any attempt at acceptance by the plaintiff, he was 



120 CONTRACTS. 

perfectly well aware that D had changed his mind, and that he 
had, in fact, agreed to sell the property to A. It is impossible, 
therefore, to say there was ever that existence of the same mind be- 
tween the two parties which is essential in point of law to the 
making of an agreement." James, L. J., in Dickinson v. Dodds, 
L. R. 2 Chan. Div. 463, a leading case followed in New York. 

Q. A sent an order for 100 barrels of flour to B, on twenty days' 
credit, A agreeing to pay the frgight, B, not having 100 barrels 
in stock, and having only 99 barrels, sent them to A on ten days' 
credit. This time of credit had always been customary with B, 
and A knew of it. B sent a bill to A for 99 barrels on ten days' 
credit. The goods were destroyed in transit. Who must bear the 
loss ? 

A. The loss falls upon B, as there was no contract. If a person 
sends an order to a merchant to send a particular q uantity of goods 
upon certain terms of credit, and the merchant sends a less quantity 
of goods, at a shorter credit, and the goods sent are lost on the way, 
the merchant must bear the loss, as there is no contract between 
the parties. There is no agreement, no meeting of the minds of 
the parties as to the subject matter of the contract. Bruce v. Pear- 
son, 3 Johns. 534. 

(Note.) " As no contract is complete without the mutual assent of the par- 
ties, an offer to sell imposes no obligation until it is accepted according to its 
terms. So long as the offer has neither been accepted nor rejected, the nego- 
tiation remSlins open, and imposes no obligation upon either party ; the one 
may decline to accept, or the other may withdraw the offer ; and either rejec- 
tion or withdi'awal leaves the matter as if no offer had been made. A pro- 
posal to^ accept, or an acceptance, upon terms varying from those ofterefl, 
is a rejection of the offer-, and puts an end to the negotiation, unless the party 
who made the original offer renews it, or assents to the modifications suggested. 
The other party having once rejected the offer cannot afterward revive it by 
\ tendering an acceptance of it." Gray, J., in R. R. Co. v. Mill Co., 119 U. S. 149. 

Q. A lost certain property, and offers S500 to the finder as a re-^ 
ward. B knowing nothing rtf the reward, finds the property and re- 
turns it to A. B afterward learns of the reward, and brings an 
action against A for the same. Judgment for whom ? 

A. Judgment for A. " To the existence of a contract there must 
be mutual assent, or in another form, offer and consent to the offer. 
The motive inducing consent maybe immaterial, but the consent 
is vital. Without that there is no contract. How then can there 



CONTRACTS. 121 

be consent or assent to that of which the party has never heard ? 
But the .plaintiff did not, in giving that information, manifest any 
assent to the defendant's offer, nor act in any sense in reliance 
thereon,- they did not know of its existence. The information was 
voluntary, and in every sense (material to this case) gratuitous. 
The offer could only operate upon the plaintiffs after they heard 
of it." Woodruff, J., in Fitch v. Snedaker, 38 N. Y. 248. To en- 
title a person to a reward offered for the recovery, or for informa- 
tion leading to the recovery of property lost, he must show a rendi- 
tion of the services required after a knowledge of, and with a view 
of obtaining the offered reward. Howland v. Lounds, 51 N. Y. 
604. 

Q. On May 1, A advertises in the Herald a reward of $1,000 to any 
person who captures or gives information leading to the apprehen- 
sion of a certain thief. On May 3, A publishes in the same paper, 
a revocation of his offer. On May 4, B succeeds in apprehending 
the thief. He now claims the reward, and brings suit to recover 
the sum offered. Can he recover ? State your reasons. 

A. B cannot recover, as the offer was withdrawn before the act 
asked for was performed. An offer may always be withdrawn be- 
fore it is accepted, through the same source, and[jaj^l£L^am.aajian- 
n er in which it w as „mad£. " It is not to be doubted that the offer 
was revocable at any time before it was accepted, and before any- 
thing was done in reliance upon it. There was no contract until 
its terms were complied with. Like any other offer of a contract, 
it might, therefore, be withdrawn before rights had accrued under 
it ; and it was withdrawn through the same channels in which it 
was made. The same notoriety was given to the revocation that 
was given to the offer; and the findings of fact^do not show that 
any information was given by the claimant, or that he did anything 
to entitle him to the reward offered, until five months after the offer 
had been withdrawn. True, it is found that then, and at all times 
until the arrest was actually made, he was ignorant of the with- 
drawal ; but that is an immaterial fact. The offer of the reward 
not having been made to him directly, but by means of a published 
proclamation, he should have known that it ceuld be revoked in 
the manner in which it was made." Strong, J., in Shuey v. U. S., 
92 U. S. 73. 



1 22 CONTRACTS. 

Q. A, the uncle of B, promised his nephew that if he would re- 
frain from drinl^ing, using tobacco, swearing, and playing cards or 
billiards for money until he became twentj-oiie years of age, he 
would pay him the sum of f5,000. The nephew assented thereto, 
and fully performed the conditions inducing the promise. When 
the nephew arrived at the age of twenty-one years he demanded 
the money, which was refused. He brings suit. The uncle demurs 
on the ground that the contract was without consideration to sup- 
port it, and therefore, invalid. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for B. Refraining from drinking, using tobacco, 
etc., was the giving up of_a legal_ri^ht, and, therefore, constituted 
a sufQcient consideration. " A valuable consideration in the sense 
of the law may consist either in some right, interest, profit, or bene- 
fit accruing to the one party, or some forbearance, detriment, loss, or 
responsibility given, suffered or undertaken by the other. Courts 
will not ask whether the tiling which forms the consideration does 
in fact benefit the promisee or a third party, or is of any substantial 
value to any one. It is enough that something is promised, done, 
foreborne, or suffered by the party to whom the promise is made as 
consideration for the promise made to him." Anson's Prin. of Con- 
tracts, 63. " In general, a waiver of any legal right at the request 
of another party, is a sufficient consideration for a promise." Par- 
sons on Contracts, 444. Nqw applying this rule to the facts before 
us, the promisee used tobacco, occasionally drank liquor, and he 
had a legal right to do so. That right he abandoned for a period' of 
years upon the strength of the promise of the testator that for such 
forbearance he would give him $5,000. It is sufficient that he re- 
stricted his legal freedom of action within certain prescribed limits 
upon the faith of the uncle's agreement, and now having fully per- 
formed the conditions imposed, it is of no moment whether such 
performance actually proved a benefit to the promisor, and the 
court will not inquire into it ; but were it a proper subject of in- 
quiry, we see nothing in this record that would permit a determina- 
tion that the uncle was not benefited in a legal sense. Parker, J., 
in Hamer v. Sidway, 124 N. Y. 538. 

Q. Sailors are hired for a certain voyage for $100; in the midst 
of a storm, the sailors refused to navigate the ship unless the cap- 
tain agrees to pay them il50 ; the captain has authority to bind 
the owners ; he submits to their demands, but when he reaches 



COXTKACTS. 123 

shore, the owners refuse to pay but 1100 ; one of the sailors sues 
for fl50. Can he recover and why? 

A. No. The agreement is void for want of consideration. There 
was no consideration for the pay promised to the sailors who re- 
mained with the ship. Before they sailed, they had undertaken to 
do all they could under all the emergencies of the voyage. They 
had sold all their services till the voyage should be completed. 
The}'' were bound by the terms of their original contract, to exert 
themselves to the utmost to bring the ship in safety to her destined 
port. " The promise to give higher wages is void for want of con- 
sideration. The seamen had no right to abandon the ship at Beau- 
fort, and a promise to pay them an extra price for abstaining from 
doing an illegal act was a nudum pactum." Spencer, J., in Bartlett 
V. Wyman, 14 Johns. 260. 

Q. A is indebted to B in the sum of $1,000. B agrees that if A 
will pay him $750, he will receipt him in full. A pays the money, 
and B refuses to give the receipt, and sues A. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. There was no consideration for B's promise to give the 
receipt, as B was already legally bound to pay the entire sum. In 
order to have consideration, there must be the waiver of a legal 
right ; doing what one is already legally bound to do can consti- 
tute no consideration. Wherever as here, the claim is liquidated, 
the mere acceptance of a part with the promise to discharge the 
whole, is not enough, for there is no new consideration. Bunge v. 
Koope, 48 N. Y. 225 ; Nassoiy v. Tomlinson, 148 N. Y. 326. 

Q. A owed B $1,000. B agreed to give A a receipt in full, if 
A would pay $800. A paid the sum and received a receipt in full. 
Thereafter B sued A for $200. Can he recover? Give reasons. 

A. Yes. There was no consideration for the giving of the receipt, 
as A only paid what he was legally bound to pay. Where upon 
payment of a portion of an undisputed account, the creditor gives 
a receipt in full, he is not concluded thereby from recovering the 
balance, although the receipt was given with knowledge, and there 
was no error or fraud. Rya;n v. Ward, 48 N. Y. 204. 

Q. A, a physician, sent B a bill for $500 for professional' services. 
There had been no agreement as to the price to be paid. B on receiv- 
ing the bill, sent a letter to A, not disputing the services, but ques- 



124 CONTRACTS. 

tioning the justice of the charges and enclosing a check for 1350, 
which he stated was in full satisfaction of A's claim. A made no 
reply, but retained the money. He subsequently sues to recover 
$150 as balance due. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for B, as there was an accord and satisfaction of 
A's claim. Where a debtor offers a certain sum of money in full 
satisfaction of an unliquidated demand, and the creditor retains 
and accepts the money, his claim iscancelled, and no protest, dec- 
laration, or denial on his part can vary the result. Fuller v. Kemp, 
138 N. Y. 231. " An accord and satisfaction requires a new agree- 
ment and the performance thereof. It must be an executed con- 
tract founded upon a new consideration. If the claim is liquidated, 
the mere acceptance of a part with a promise to discharge the whole, 
is not enough, for there is no new consideration. If the claim is 
unliquidated, the acceptance of a part, and an agreement to cancel 
the entire debt, furnishes a new consideration, which is founded 
in the compromise. A demand is not liquidated even if it appears 
that something is due, unless it appears how much is due, and when 
it is admitted that one or two specific sums are due, but there is a 
genuine dispute as to which is the proper amount, the amount is 
regarded as unliquidated, within the meaning of that term as ap- 
plied to the subject of accord and satisfaction. Plaintiff was either 
bound to reject the check or by accepting it, to accede to the de- 
fendant's terms. The money tendered belonged to the defendants, 
and they had a right to say on what condition it should be received. 
When plaintiff indorsed and collected the check referred to, in the 
letter asking him to sign the indorsed receipt in full, it was the 
same, in legal effect, as if he had signed and returned the receipt, 
because acceptance of a check was a conclusive election to be bound 
by the condition upon which the check was offered. The use of 
the check was ipso facto an acceptance of the condition. Tlie 
minds of the parties then met so as to constitute an accord." Vann, 
J., in NaSsoiy v. Tomlinson, 148 N. Y. 326. 

Q. A owes B §500. B needs the money and demands it from 
A. A refuses, but agrees that if B will extend the time of pay- 
ment of a note of A's held by B for six months, he (A) will pay 
the 1500 then and there. B agrees and takes the f 500, but at the 
date of the maturity of the note, refuses to extend the time of 
payment, and now consults you as to his rights. Can he bring ac- 
tion on this note ? 



COMTKAOTS. 125 

A. Yes. There was no consideration for the extension of the 
time of payment, as A was under a legal, obligation to pay the 
money at the time. Cary v. White, 52 N. Y. 138. 

Q.' A' wte indebted to B in the sum of |1,000. They agreed 
between themselves that A should pay to B $500 in cash, and also 
give to him a certain horse for which A was offered $250. B 
took the horse and cash, in full for his claim and gave a receipt 
accordingly. B was unable to sell the team for more than $200, 
which he did, and then sued A to recover the balance of his 
original indebtedness. A answers setting up the facts. B 
demurs. Judgment for whom, and if for B, for what amount ? 
Answer fully. 

A. Judgment for A. B cannot recover anything. There was 
a full accord and satisfaction. " While the payment of a sum less 
than the amount of a liquidated debt, under an agreement of the 
creditor to accept the same in satisfaction of the debt, forms no 
bar to the recovery of the balance, if there be some additional 
benefit or legal possibility of benefit to the creditor, this will be a 
sufficient consideration to support an agreement to accept the 
lesser sum in full payment. There must be something different 
to that which the recipient is entitled, to demand, in the thing 
done or given, in order to support his promise. The difference 
must be real, but the fact that it is slight will not destroy its 
efficacy in constituting a consideration, for if the courts were to 
say that if the thing done in return for a promise was not suffi- 
ciently unlike to that which the promisor was already bound, 
they would in fact be determining the adequacy of the considera- 
tion. Thus the giving of a promissory note for a money debt, or 
the gift of a horse, or a hawk, or a robe in satisfaction is good. 
Either of these things might be more beneficial to the creditor 
than money." Huffcut's Anson on Contracts, p. 69. " But it is 
held that where there is an independent consideration, or the 
creditor receives any benefit or is put in a better position, or one 
from which there may be legal possibility of benefit to which he 
was not entitled except for the agreement, then the agreement is 
not nudum pactum, and the doctrine of the common law to which 
he had adverted has no application." Andrews, J., in Allison v. 
Abendroth, 108 N. Y. 470. For an elaborate discussion of this 



126 CONTKACTS. 

question and a careful review of all the authorities, see the able 
opinion of Potter, J., in Jaffray v. Davis, 124 N. Y. 164. 

Q. A dealer sold and delivered 200 barrels of flour to B, know- 
ing him to be a friend of C's. C afterward wrote to A, saying to 
him that in consideration of the sale to B, he would pay if B did 
not. Can the dealer recover from C ? 

A. No. This is a past or executed consideration which is in- 
sufficient to support C's promise. The promise must be coex- 
tensive with the consideration. There must be something given 
in exchange for the promise. Where the thing has already been 
given, or the act done, obviously nothing is given in exchange for 
the subsequent promise, and is therefore gratuitous and unen- 
forceable. The doctrine that a past or executed consideration 
will not support a subsequent promise has long been settled in 
this state. 

Q. A owed B 11,000. B was about to bring an action for the 
amount, when C promised to pay hini $1,200 in consideration of 
his forebearance to sue. B does as requested, but C refuses to 
pay. B sues C on the promise. Can he recover ? Answer fully. 

A. B can recover. An agreement to withhold suit is a,good 
consideration to support a promise to pay a debt, although no fixed 
and definite time is expressly agreed upon. Traders Nat., Bank 
V. Parker, 130 N. Y. 415. " There is no doubt, that an agreement 
by the creditor to forebear the collection of a debt presently due 
is a good consideration for an absolute or conditional promise of a 
third person to pay the debt, or for any obligation he may assume 
in respect thereto. Nor is it essential, that the creditor should 
bind himself at the time to forebear collection or to gi\'e time. If 
he is requested by his debtor to extend the time, and a third per- 
son undertakes in consideration of forbearance being given, to 
become liable as surety or otherwise, and the creditor does in fact 
forbear in reliance upon the undertaking, although he enters into 
no enforceable agreement to do so, his acquiescence in the request, 
and an actual forbearance in consequence thereof for a reason- 
able time, furnishes a good consideration for a collateral under- 
taking. In other words, a request followed by performance is 
sufficient, and mutual promises at the time are not essential, un- 
less it was the understanding that the promisor was not to be 



CONTEACTS. 127 

bound, except on condition that the other party eiatered into an. 
immediate and reciprocal obligation to do the thing requested." 
Andrews, Ch. J., in Strong v. Sheffield, 144 N. Y. 392. 

Q. A threatens to sue B for 11,000, believing his claim to be 
valid. B promises to pay 1400 in full settlement, to which A 
agrees, and they compromise. Afterward it turns out that A has 
no cause of action, and B refuses to pay the 1400. A brings suit 
to recover the $400. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A. As A honestly believed his claim to be 
doubtful, his forbearance to sue was a sufficient consideration for 
B's promise to pay. It would be otherwise, if he knew the claim 
to be bad. It is not necessary to uphold a promise, based upon 
the surrender or compromise of a claim, to show that the claim 
was valid or enforceable at law. The settlement of a doubtful 
claim is a good consideration. White v. Hoyt, 73 N. Y. 505 ; 
Zoeblsch v. Van Minden, 120 N. Y. 406. 

Q. A loaned money to B, on his (-B's) promise to pay the same 
to C, to whom A said he owed and had promised to pay a like sum. 
jGan hey-eoover? What principle of law is involved? 

A. Yes. The well known principle of Lawrence v. Fox, 20 
N. Y. 268, applies, where it was held that a third person for whose 
benefit a contract was made between two others, could maintain 
an action thereon, when there is an obligation existing between 
that third person and the promisee- This case, despite many 
criticisms and modifications, continues to represent the law of this 
state on this question. 

Q. A, the owner of real property on which B holds a mortgage 
of §2,000, gives a deed to C as security for il,000 prior indebted- 
ness, and for future advances which C may make, C agreeing by 
the terms of the deed to assume the payment of B's mortgage. 
G quitclaimed to D in consideration of D's agreement to pay the 
$1,000 due C from A. D knew the terms of the transaction be- 
tween A and C, in which title was not intended to pass. ' D claims 
that C must pay B's mortgage, and B claims that C is liable for 
any deficiency which may arise on foreclosure of B's iifortgage. 
C refuses to pay. Is he liable? 

A. C. is liable. The other requirement of the principle laid 



128 CONTRACTS. 

down in Lawrence v. Fox, supra, an obligation due from the prom- 
isee to the beneficiary under the contract is here present, for the 
promisee (mortgagor) is personally indebted to the mortgagee, and 
it is his personal indebtedness that is secured by the mortgage upon 
the lands, the payment of which has been assumed by C. In this 
case, the courts say, that the clause of assumption, or contract made 
between the mortgagor and his grantee, is for the benefit of the 
mortgagee, and that as a consequence, the mortgagee may institute 

an action thereon directly against the promisor. 

4. 

Q. A mortgage was executed by A who then owned the mort- 
gaged premises. He then conveyed the mortgaged premises to B, 
who took the property subject to the mortgage-. B conveys to C, 
who assumes the payment of the mortgage. The mortgagee fore- 
closes, and seeks to enter a deficiency judgment against C. May 
he do so ? 

A. No. The requirements of the principle of Lawrence v. Fox, 
supra, are not here present. There must exist some legal or equi- 
table obligation between the promisee' and the third party. As B 
was not liable to the mortgagee, he not having assumed the pay- 
ment of the mortgage, his grantee (C) cannot be held liable on the 
assumption, for there was no legal obligation existing between B 
(the promisee) and the third party (the mortgagee), and it was so 
held in the case of Vrooman v. Turner, 69 N. Y. 280. 

Q. A writes a letter to B, offering to employ him for ten months 
at §50 per month. B telegraphs A accepting the offer, and says 
that he will reduce the contract to writing the next day. There- 
after B presents himself at A's place of business, and announces 
his readiness to perform ; but A has already employed C in his 
stead. B brings suit against A. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. "Where by means of letters and telegrams exchanged 
between the parties, a clear and definite proposition containing all 
the requirements of a completed contract, is made by one and ac- 
cepted by the other, with the understanding that the agreement 
shall be expressed in formal writing, the parties are bound by the 
contract as made by the correspondence. Wlien the parties intend 
that a mere verbal agreement shall be finally reduced to writing as 
the evidence of the terms of the contract, it may be true that noth- 
ing is binding upon either party until the writing is executed. But 



CONTEACTS. 129 

here the contract was already in writing, and it was none the less 
obligatory upon both parties because they intended that it should 
be put in another form. The principle governing such cases was 
well stated by Selden, J., in Pratt v. H. R. R. R. Co., 21 N. Y. 308, 
as follows : " A contract to make and execute a certain written 
agreement, the terms of which are mutually understood and agreed 
upon, is in all respects as valid and obligatory, where no statutory 
objection interposes, as the written contract itself would be, if exe- 
cuted. If therefore, it should appear that the minds of the parties 
had met ; that a proposition for a contract had been made by one 
party and accepted by the other ; that the terms of this contract 
were in all respects definitely understood and agreed upon, and 
that a part of the mutual understanding was, that a written con- 
tract embodjdng these terras should be drawn and executed by 
the respective parties, this is an obligatory contract, which neither 
party is at liberty to refuse to perform." In this case, it is appar- 
ent, that the minds of the parties met through the correspondence, 
upon all the terms as well as the subject matter of the contract, 
and that the subsequent failure to reduce this contract to the pre- 
cise form intended did not affect the obligation of either party which 
had already attached, and they may now resort to the primary evi- 
dence of the mutual stipulation. Sanders v. Pottlitzer Fruit Co., 
144 N. Y. 209. 

Q. A enters into an oral agreement with B, whereby the latter 
agrees to paint a certain house in fourteen months. B works five 
months and then is arbitrarily discharged by A, who claims that 
the contract is void under the Statute of Frauds. Can B recover 
on this contract ? 

A. Yes. This agreement is valid. The Statute of Frauds pro- 
vides that every agreement which by its terms is not to be per- 
formed within one year fronj the making thereof, shall be void, 
unless it, or some note or memorandum thereof be in writing, and 
subscribed by the party to be charged therewith, or by his lawful 
agent. This agreement may be performed within one j'car, and is 
therefore valid. " An agreement to save the Statute of Frauds 
need not be in writing, although by the terms of it, the party may 
at his election perform the agreement after the year; it is only 
when it appears by the whole tenor of the agreement that it is 
to be performed after the year, that a note in writing is necessary." 
9 



130 CONTRACTS. 

Plimpton V. Curtis, 15 Wend. 336. "The statute, as interpreted 
by tlie courts, does not include agreements, which may or may not 
be performed within one year from the making thereof, but merely 
those which within their terms and consistent with the rights of 
the parties, cannot be performed within one year from the making 
thereof." Allen, J., in Kent v. Kent, 62 N. Y. 560, 564. 

Q. A makes a contract with B, by which, for a certain price, A 
was to repair the boilers of B's factory ; price to be paid when the 
boilers as fixed, have proved to B's satisfaction, to be a success. 
The boilers were fixed, and B used them a reasonable length of 
time without objection. In an action for the price, B defends on 
the ground that the boilers are not satisfactory. Can A recover? 

A. Yes. The defense is untenable. " A simple allegation of 
dissatisfaction, without a good reason therefor, is no defense. Un- 
der such a contract that which the law will saj' a contracting 
party ought in reason to be satisfied with, that it will say he is 
satisfied with." Duplex Boiler Co. v. Garden, 101 N. Y. 387. 
" There is no doubt of the general rule, that, where one party agrees 
to do a certain thing to the satisfaction of the other, and the excel- 
lence of the work is a matter of taste, such as for instance, a por- 
trait, bust, suit of clothes, dramatic plaj', or a piece of furniture, 
the employer may reject it without assigning any reason for liis 
dissatisfaction. In such a case, the law cannot relieve against the 
folly of the employee, by inquiring whether tlie dissatisfaction of 
the employer was based upon reasonable grounds or not. It is 
even doubtful, whether it can inquire into the good faith of the 
employer's decision. The parties must stand to their contract as 
they made it, and if one party agrees to furnish an article that is 
satisfactory to the other, he constitutes the latter the sole arbiter 
of his own satisfaction. If, however, the task to be performed does 
not involve a matter of taste, but of common experience, as an 
ordinary job of mechanical work or quality of material, the law 
will say, what in reason ought to satisfy him, does satisfy him." 
McAdam, J., in Gray v. Alabama Bank, 10 N. Y. Suppl. 5. 

Q. A and B entered into a contract by which B was to build a 
house for A. A was to pay $1,000 upon its completion, and B 
was to present to him a certificate from X, an architect, that the 
house as built, fully complied with the terms of the contract* B 



CONTRACTS. 131 

duly completed the house, but the architect, having a grudge 
against B, refused to deliver the certificate. B brings suit to re- 
cover the 11,000. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. Where a contractor in a building contract has sub- 
stantially performed, although by the contract he is bound to pro- 
cure an architect's certificate of performance, he may recover with- 
out procuring such certificate, by showing an unreasonable refusal 
of the architect's certificate. It is a general rule of law, that a 
party must perform his contract before he can claim the considera- 
tion due him upon performance ; but the performance in all cases 
need not be literal and exact. It is sufficient if the party bound 
to perform, acting in good faith, and intending and attempting to 
perform his contract, doe.s so substantially, and then he may re- 
cover for his work, notwithstanding slight or trivial defects in 
performance, for which compensation may be made by an allow- 
ance to the other party. Whether a contract has been substan- 
tially performed, is a question of fact, depending upon all tlie cir- 
cumstances of the case to be determined by the trial court. Nolan 
V. Whitney, 88 N. Y. 648. 

Q. A entered into a contract with B, whereby B agreed to pur- 
chase fifty slaughtered steers to be delivered immediately, and ^ 
fifty live steers to be delivered two months later. The price ■ 
agreed upon was #10 per head for the live steers, and #15 per head" 
for the slaughtered steers. The slaughtered steers were delivered 
by A, but he failed to deliver the others. A sues B for the price 
of those delivered. B defends on the ground that the contract 
was entire, and that performance of the contract by A in all its 
terms was a condition precedent to his recovery. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. A can recover the price of the slaughtered steers, subject to 
a counterclaim for B's damages for breach of contract as to the live 
steers. " It is a question of intention, whether the several parts 
of a contract made at one and the same time are to be taken dis- 
tributively and are independent, or whether entire performance by 
one party of all steps on his part, is a condition precedent to his 
right of recovery against the other party in respect to a portion of 
the contract which he has fully performed. In arriving at such 
intention, it is to be assumed that goods are not to be delivered 
without payment." Tipton v. Feitner, 20 N. Y. 423. " A contract 



l32 CONTRACTS. 

is entire, when the parties intend that the promise by one party is 
conditional upon entire performance of his part of the contract by 
the other party. A contract is said to be severable, when the part 
to be performed by one party consists of several and distinct items, 
and the price to be paid by the other is apportioned to each item, 
or is left to be implied by law." Ming v. Corbin, 142 N. Y. 334. 
" Indeed the entirety or divisibility of sevea-al items is always a 
question of intent and frequently one of fact. No precise rule 
can be given by which this question in a given case may be settled. 
Like most other questions of construction, it depends upon the 
intention of the parties, and this must be discovered in each case 
by considering the language employed and the subject matter of 
the contract." Silberman v. Fretz, 16 Misc. 449. 

Q. A agrees by written contract to deliver 1,200 tons of steel to 
B in lots of 100 tons each, on twelve successive days, at a specified 
price per ton, B agreeing to furnish security for the purchase price 
before the first delivery. Six lots of the steel are delivered on six 
successive days, but B pays cash on delivery of each lot, but no 
security is given by B as he agreed. On the seventh day steel 
advances in price, and A refuses to complete the contract. B then 
offers A the purchase price of the remaining 600 tons, but A re- 
fuses to accept the same. What are the rights of the parties ? 
Answer fully. 

A. A, by not insisting on the security being given, waived B's 
breach. A therefore cannot refuse to perform. " Where a breach 
of contract by one party occasions an injury to the other which is 
susceptible of compensation in damages, it does not relieve the 
latter from liability under the contract, where both parties have 
gone on and performed it for some time thereafter. And if he is 
entitled to the strict enforcement of his contract, but has led the 
other party to believe that he will not exact it, he thereby waives 
his right to a strict performance." 3 Amer. & Eng. Ency. of Law 
(2d ed.), 154. 

Q. A promises to marry B on January 1, 1900. On May 1, 
1899, he marries C. B immediately sues A for breach of promise, 
without alleging a demand on her part or that she is ready and 
willing to perform. A demurs. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for B. An action for breach of promise will lie at 



CONTRACTS. 133 

once, where one party has voluntarily placed it beyond his power 
to perform, or upon a positive refusal to perform a contract of 
marriage, although the time specified for the performance has not 
arrived, and demand and tender are both unnecessary. Burtis v. 
Thompson, 42 N. Y. 246. 

Q. B makes an agreement with A for the purchase of 1,000 
yards of silk at i|l per yard, to be delivered June 30, 1895. On 
June 1, 1895, B meets A and tells him that he cannot use the 
silk, and that he need not deliver the same. A consults you ; 
what are his rights, and what are the measure of damages if any ? 

A. A can sue immediately, and the measure of damages is the 
difference between the contract price and the market price at the 
time and place of delivery. " Where before the time of delivery 
fixed by a contract for the sale of goods, the vendee notifies the 
vendor that he will not receive or pay for the goods, and requests 
him to stop any further efforts to carry out the contract, the vendor 
is justified in treating the contract as broken at that time, and is 
entitled to bring an action for the breach immediately without ten- 
dering delivery ; it is not necessary to await the expiration of the 
time of performance fixed by the contract, nor can the vendee 
retract his renunciation of the contract, after the vendor has acted 
upon it, and by sale of the goods to other parties has changed his 
position." WindmuUer v. Pope, 107 N. Y. 674. f^,^ ^ 

Q. A agrees with B to deliver to him at his store in three days, 
fifty barrels of salt at 13 per barrel. The next day salt falls in 
price, and B refuses to accept the salt upon its delivery. What 
are A's rights ? 

A. A can sue for breach of contract ; the damages recoverable 
being the difference between the contract price and the market 
price. The facts show merely a contract and not a sale. 

Q. A and B enter into a contract on May 1, 1897, whereby 
the latter agrees to buy of A a certain farm, title to be given and 
purchase price paid January 1, 1898. On October 1, 1897, a barn 
on the farm, which is not worth much, burns. Januar};- 1, 1898, A 
tenders deed, but B refuses to accept or pay the contract price. 
What are the rights of the parties ? Answer fully. 

A. A cannot compel B to take the land. The agreement had 



134 CON*EACl?g. 

reference to the existence of the property in substantially the sam6' 
condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, as it was at the time, 
and performance of the agreement by the vendor being rendered 
impossible by the fire, the vendee was not bound. He was entitled 
to the property in the condition it was in when the agreement was 
made, and a refusal to take the property after the barn had been 
destroyed by fire was not a breach of contract. See Smyth v. 
Sturges, 108 N. Y. 495 ; Goldman v. Rosenberg, 116 N. Y. ?* -\'i 

Q. A agrees by written contract to employ B at flO per week 
for an indefinite time, and B agrees to give A three weeks' 
notice in writing before leaving or forfeit $200. B works for 
twenty weeks without drawing salary, and then leaves without 
giving A any notice. B sues A to recover #200, as salary due. 
A sets up the agreement as a defense. Judgment for whom and 
why? 

A. Judgment for B. The amount of damages agreed upon as 
a forfeiture is so much greater than the actual loss suffered, as to 
avoid the stipulation on the ground that it is a penaltj'. A can 
of course set up as a counterclaim his actual damage sustained by 
reason of B's breach. " Where the parties to a contract stipulate 
for a payment in liquidation of damages by a party in default, if 
the damages are in their nature uncertain and incapable of exact 
ascertainment, and may be dependent upon extrinsic consideration 
and circumstances, and the amount is not upon the face of the con- 
tract out of all proportion to the probable loss, it will be treated as 
liquidated damages. The fact that the sum agreed to be paid is 
termed by the parties a penalty, is not controlling upon the ques- 
tion of construction. It seems, however, that when the stipulated 
sum is disproportionate to the presumable or probable damage, or 
to a readily ascertainable loss, the courts will treat it as a penalty, 
and will relieve upon the principle that the precise sum was not 
the essence of the agreement, but was in the nature of a security 
for performance." Gray, J., in Ward v. H. R. Bridge Co., 125 
N. Y. 230. 



/ 



Q. A and B agree to corner the price of wheat in the market, 
and thus raise the price. They each deposit the sum of f5,000 
with C, as a forfeiture for a failure to perform by either one of 
them. A does not perform, and B sues C for the f 10,000. A also 



ContbactS. 135 

sues C for the return of the $5,000. What are the rights of the 
parties ? 

A. As this contract is illegal, being in restraint of trade, B can- 
not recover the $10,000, but can get a return of his $5,000 deposit. 
A is also entitled to the return of his $5,000. The contract being 
illegal, and therefore void, is not enforceable. See 15 Am. & 
Eng. Ency. of Law (2d ed.), 1007. See also Merritt v. Millard, 4 
Keyes (N. Y.), 208 ; Woodworth v. Bennett, 43 N. Y. 273. 

Q. A was a manufacturer of matches in New York. He sold 
his stock, trade-marks and good will to the X Goi'poration, at the 
same time agreeing not to engage in the manufacture and sale of 
matches within any of the several states of the United States, ex- 
cepting Nevada. Thereafter A started a match factory in New 
Jersey. The X Company brings action to resti'ain A from carrying 
on the factory. Can the action be maintained ? 

A. Yes. The contract is not void, as being in restraint of trade, 
as the restraint is not general. Here the party was not restrained 
from carrying on the match business entirely, as the terms of the 
contract gave him the right to carry on the match business in Ne- 
vada, thus saving the contract from invalidity. See Diamond 
Match Co. V. Roeber, 106 N. Y. 473. 

Q. A agreed' orally to sell to B a certain house and lot, and to 
do painting thereon, for $40,000. B paid the money, and A con- 
veyed the house and lot by deed, properly executed, but failed to 
perform the labor as agreed. 1^ sues for breach of contract, and 
A in defense sets up the Statute of Frauds.. Judgment for whom 
and why? 

A. Judgment for A. The Statute of Frauds is a good defense, 
as a contract for the sale of land must be in writing, and where 
one part of a contract is void by the Statute of Frauds, the whole 
contract is void. In this case, the sale was void under the Statute 
of Frauds, and therefore the entire contract was void. The sale 
was legalized by the delivery of the deed, but the work to be done 
was not, and as there was one consideration for both, the clauses 
cannot be separated, and the action cannot be maintained. Dowe 
V. Way, 64 Barb. 255. 

Q. A by written contract agrees to employ B for one year for 



1S6 CONTRACTS. 

one hundred barrels of flour at #10 per barrel. At the end of 
the year A refuses to give B the one hundred barrels of flour, where- 
upon B sues A for |1,000 in money. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. Where a party agrees to pay the value of services ren- 
dered in specific chattels or articles of property, and upon demand 
refuses or fails to deliver the property, the obligation is thereby 
converted into one for the payment of money. N. Y. News Pub. 
Co. V. Nat. S. S. Co., 148 N. Y. 39. 



COHPOEATIONS. 137 



CHAPTER VIII. 
I^*^^ Corporations. 



,,* 



Q. State the difference between a corporation and a joint stock 
company. 

A. The distinction is very well drawn by Finch, J., in People 
ex rel. v. Coleman, 133 N. Y. 282,^111 the following language : 
" The debt of the corporation is its debt, and not that of its mem- 
bers, the debt of the joint stock company is the debt of the asso- 
ciates however enforced ; the creation of the corporation merges 
and drowns the liability of its corporators, the creation of the stock 
company leaves unharmed and unchanged tlie liability of the asso- 
ciates ; the one derives its existence from the contract of indivi- 
duals, the other from the sovereignty of the State. The two are 
alike, but not the same. More or less they Crowd upon and over- 
lap each other, but without losing their identity, and so, while we 
cannot say that the joint stock company is a corporation, we can 
say that a joint stock company is a partnership with some of the 
powers oijgOrporation." 5*'i- aii-o '7-v /V^- .^S^r-'^ 




J. A Brooklyn manufacturing company fails to take certain 
necessary steps required by law to create a corporation. Subse- 
quently the corporation purchases $2,000 worth of goods from A, 
and fails to pay for the same. A brings suit against the company 
to recover the amount of the purchase price. The company de- 
fends on the ground, that it was not a corporation at the time the 
debt was contracted. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. 'Judgment for A, as the corporation is estopped from den}'- 
ing its corporate existence, by reason of its having held itself out ' 
as a corporation. " The papers filed by which the corporation is 
sought to be created are colorable, but so defective, that in a pro- 
ceeding on the part of the state against it, it would for that 
reason be dissolved, yet by acts of user under such an organization 
it becomes a corporation de facto'^^and no advantage can be taken 



138 COEPOKATIONS. 

of such defect in its constitution collaterally by any person." 
Buffalo R. R. Co. v. Gary, 26 N. Y. 75. 

Q. A corporation failed to file a duplicate certificate of incor- 
poration as required by statute. A purchases goods from the cor- 
poration to the value of $5,000; and in an action for the price by 
the corporation against him, he sets up the non-incorporation as a 
defense. Is the defense good ? G-ive your reasons. 

A. The defense must fail. " A party who has entered into a 
contract with another, in which the latter assumes to be, and con- 
tracts as a corporation, is estopped from denying the corporate 
existence, and cannot resist an action brought by the corporation 
against him on the contract." U. S. Vinegar Co. v. Schlegel, 143 
N. Y. 537. " To establish a corporation de facto against one who 
has recognized the corporate character by contracting with it, it is 
^sufficient to show the existence of a law authorizing its formation, 
proceedings taken for that purpose in professed compliance with 
the law, and subsequent acts of user." Methodist Church v. 
Pickett, 19 N. Y. 482. 

Q. Defendant was sued by plaintiff, a creditor of a corporation, 
to enforce defendant's liability as a stockholder thereof, for a debt 
contracted while the latter was a stockholder of record and man- 
aging director. Defendant answers that there was no such cor- 
poration, the same not having been incorporated according to 
statute. Plaintiff demurs. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. The demurrer should be sustained. "A defect in the pro- 
ceedings to organize a corporation is no defense to a stockholder 
sued to enforce his individual liability, who has participated in its 
acts of user as a corporation de facto, and appeared as a stock- 
holder upon its books, when the debt for which he is sued was 
contracted." Eaton v. Aspinwall, 19 N. Y. 137. 

Q. The New York statute requires a certificate of incorporation 
of a corporation to be signed by a justice of the supreme court 
and a copy filed with the secretary of state, and also a copy with 
the county clerk. B contracted with the X Company as a corpo- 
ration, and now seeks to hold the stockholders liable individually 
as partners, on the ground, that as the corporation had failed to file 
a bopy of its certificate of incorporation with the county clerk, 



COEPOEATIONS. 139 

the corporation was never legally incorporated. Can the stock- 
holders be held as partners ? Give reasons. 

A. The stockholders are not liable as partners. " If an association 
assumes to enter into a contract in a corporate capacity, and a party 
dealing with the association contracts with it as if it were a corpora- 
tion, the individual members of such association cannot be charged 
as parties to the contract, either severally, jointly, or as partners. 
This is equally true, whether the association was in fact a corpora- 
tion, or not, and whether the contract with the association in its cor- 
porate capacity was authorized by the legislature or not. If an associ- 
ation undertakes to enter into a contract as a corporation, it is clear 
that the members of the association do not agree to be parties to 
tlie contract either jointly or severally. They do not agree to be 
bound as partners, either to each other, or to the party contracting 
with the association. It is equally clear that the party contracting 
with the association does not intend to contract with its members 
individually. To treat the individual members of the association 
as parties to the contract, under the circumstances, would not only 
involve the nullification of the contract which was contemplated 
by the parties, but the creation of a different contract which neither 
of the parties intended to make." Seacord v. Pendleton, 55 Hun, 
579. 

Q. The X Savings Bank acting as agent for an undisclosed prin- 
cipal, emplo3's A as broker to purchase and sell for it, cotton for fu- 
ture delivery. A purchases certain cotton for the bank which the 
latter refuses to take, on the ground that it had no power or au- 
thority to deal in cotton. A brings an action agaiinst the bank 
for his commissions. Can he recover ? 

A. No. '• Speculative contracts entered into for the sale or pur- 
chase of stock by a savings bank at the stock board or elsewhere 
subject to the hazard and contingency of gain and loss, are ultra 
vires, and a perversion of the powers conferred by its charter. 
Contracts of corporations are ultra vires when they involve adven- 
tures or undertakings outside and not within the scope of power 
given by their charters. The plea of ultra vires will always pre- 
vail, unless it shall defeat justice or accomplish a legal wrong. 
The defense of ultra vires is not available if the contract be exe- 
cuted, for then the defendant is estopped from setting up such a 



140 CORPORATION'S. 

defense. But this doctrine has no applicatiou to executory con- 
tracts which are sought to be made the foundation of an action, or 
to contracts that are prohibited as against public policy. A cor- 
poration acting as the agent of an undisclosed principal, and so 
liable as principal, is entitled, when this liability is sought to be 
enforced, to all the rights and privileges that the law will give to 
it, if in fact it occupy the position of principal." Haight, J., in 
Jennison v. Bank, 122 N. Y. 135. 

Q. The X Corporation, a railroad company, sells to the Y Com- 
pany certain mirrors. In a suit for the contract price, the Y Com- 
pany sets up that the X company was not authorized to manufac- 
ture and sell the goods. Is the defense good ? State your reasons. 

A. No, as the contract is executed. " Where a corporation has 
fully performed a contract on its part to manufacture and deliver 
certain articles, it is no defense to an action brought to recover 
the purchase price, that the contract was not within or incidental 
to its chartered powers and privileges, or for the purposes for which 
it was created." Whitney Arms Co. v. Barlow, 63 N. Y. 62. 
" A corporation cannot avail itself of the defense of ultra vires, 
when the contract has been in good faith fully performed by the 
other party, and the corporation has had the full benefit of the per- 
formance and of the contract. Lienkauf v. Lombard, 187 N.Y. 

Q. The X Company threatens to do an ultra vires act. A, a 
shareholder, objects and comes to you for advice. What are his 
rights ? 

A. He can restrain the act. A threatened abuse of the. corporate 
powers may be areested by the courts at the suit of a shareholder, 
"^o also, the shareholders may recover their damages against the 
officers who have diverted the capital to improper uses.) (The 
state may also interpose, and reclaim the charter.'") Bissel v. R. R., 
22 N. Y. 258. *'^*^^ ^ '"•'^»* ^^^ "V "^ 

Q. A, together with B and C, was a promoter of a corporation. 
Realizing that the ownership of certain real estate would be neces- 
sary to the corporation, when formed, he purchased it with his own 
money. He then united with others in forming the corporation. 
B and C did not become members of the corporation. A subse- 



CORPORATIONS. 141 

quently sold the real estate to the corporation when formed, at an 
advance of 200^ over the price paid by him therefor. He retained 
a portion of the profits himself, and divided the remainder of the 
profits between B and C. At the time of the purchase of the land 
by the corporation, the other stockholders had no knowledge. Up- 
on learning of the facts, they object. What, if any remedy, have 
they, and against whom can it be enforced ? Give your reasons in 
full. 

A. The stockholders can compel A, B and C to account up to 
the amount of profits they made. " Where several persons are m- 
gaged in a joint enterprise for their mutual benefit, each has a 
right to demand and expect from his associates good faith in all 
that relates to their common interest, and no one of them will be 
permitted to take to himself a secret and ft^parate advantage to 
the prejudice of the others ; and where one, unknown to his as- 
sociates, causes to be transferred to the association property pre- 
viously purchased by himself, at a price exceeding that paid by 
him therefor, he is accountable to his associates for the profits 
thus made. In this adventure the three are regarded as partners. 
It matters not that the title to the lands was not in all the part- 
ners ; after f artners have divided the profits between them ; tliey 
are certainly in no position to deny the existence of the partner- 
ship, and all are accountable for the profits to the corporation." 
Getty V. Devlin, 54 N. Y. 403. 

(N'OTB.) " It is only where the promoter informs every subscriber, or the 
director informs every fellow director and stockholder, that he is personally 
interested in and of the amount of profits he expects to make on a sale to the 
corporation, that a promoter or director will be permitted to retain or make a 
profit on such sale ; and the burden is upon him to show that he took no ad- 
vantage of his fellow subscribers or stockholders. Where only a part of the di- 
rectors or stockholders have notice or knowledge of a sale of real estate, made 
by a promoter and director to the corporation, the latter cannot retain an in- 
dividual profit, but must account therefor to the corporation in an action 
brought against him by it."_ Colton Imp. Co. v. Eichter, 26 Misc. 26. 

Q. A is a stockholder in a corporation. There is an accumula- 
tion of profits in the treasury, but the directors wrongfully refuse 
to declare a dividend. Has A any remedy, if so, what? 

A. A can compel the directors to declare a dividend by manda- 
mus. " Where the surplus profits of a corporation properly appli- 
cable to a dividend, are without doubt ample for the purpose, and 



142 CORPORATIONS. 

the directors or a majority of them, acting in bad faith and with- 
out reasonable cause, refuse to declare a dividend, the courts will 
interfere in favor of those stockholders who otherwise would be 
without remedy." Hiscock v. Lacy, 9 Misc. 578. " When a cor- 
poration has a surplus, whether a dividend shall be made, and if 
made, how much it shall be, and when and where it shall be pay- 
able, rest in the fair and honest discretion of the directors, uncon- 
trollable by the courts. If the discretion is not fairly and honestly 
exercised, the inference is that the courts should interpose in be- 
half of the injured stockholders." Williams v. Western Union 
TR Co., 93 N. Y. 162. 

(Note.) " A sbareholder in a corporation has no legal title to its property 
or profits until a division is made ; and a contract by him in reference to divi- 
dends and profits upon his stock includes only dividends or profits ascertained 
and declared by the coiB|M-ny and allotted to the stockholders." Hyatt v. Al- 
len, 56 N. Y. 552. • 

Q. It is provided by the by-laws of a corporation that the man- 
ager should not have the power to contract debts above the amount 
of #1,000 without a vote of the board of directors. B, the man- 
ager, in violation of this provision of the by-laws, contracts with the 
X Company for certain goods to the amount of f5,000. The cor- 
poration refuses to receive or pay for the goods, ancf upon being 
sued sets up as a defense that B exceeded his authority. Is the cor- 
poration liable ? 

A. The corporation is liable, as the act was within the apparent 
scope of B's authority. " It follows from the general principle 
now well settled, to the effect that third persons may act upon the 
apparent authority conferred by the principal upon the agent, and 
are not bound by secret limitations or instructions qualifying the 
terms of the written or verbal appointment, that the defense based 
upon the limitation in the by-laws, of which plaintiff had no knowl- 
edge, cannot be sustained. By-laws of business corporations are, 
as to third persons, private regulations binding as between the 
corporation and its members, but of no force as limitations per se 
as to third persons of an authority which, except for the by-laws, 
would be construed as within -the apparent scope of the agency." 
Rathbun v. Snow, 123 N. Y. 343. 

1^ „ , - , t'Ti , > , 
■',.-* ' ■■ '•■'- \ 

Q. A is president of a railroad corporation. The majority of the 
directors individually, but not at any meeting of the board, give 



COEPORATIONS. 143 

consent to A's selling a greater part of the corporate land. A en- 
ters into a land contract with B, by which he agrees to transfer the 
same. Can specific performance be enforced? What rights, if any, 
has B? 

A. B can get specific performance. The corporation is bound 
by the acts of the officer. A formal vote of the board of directors / 
at a meeting is not necessary, in order to confer authority upon the 
officer, as the consent of the board may be given in any other in- 
formal way. " Nor is the presumption of authority of the presi- 
dent to execute the deed, afforded by the instrument itself, overcome 
by proof that no resolution authorizing its execution is found in 
the minutes of the board of directors. The presumption is, that 
the seal was rightfully affixed, by a person duly authorized, to any 
deed or other instrument on which it appears. This presumption 
will not be overcome by evidence of the mere fact that there has 
been no vote of the board of directors authorizing the execution of 
the instrument, since there are other ways of expressing the cor- 
porate assent." Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Bank, 35 App. Div. 218. 
See also Thompson on Corporations, sees. 5106, 5107. 

Q. A, B and C, directors of the X corporation, make a contract 
for the manufacture of certain goods with D, the goods being those 
which the corporation was incorporated to manufacture and sell. 
Subsequently the stockholders have a meeting and refuse to ac- 
cept the contract as that of the corporation. The directors side 
with the stockholders. What are the rights of D ? Is the corpo- 
ration liable ? 

A. The corporation is liable as it is bound by the acts of its di- 
rectors. The directors of a corporation are clothed with all the 
powers of the corporation, and are authorized to make any contract 
in its behalf that it is capable of making. Hamilton Trust Co. v. 
Clemes, 165 N. Y. 423. 

Of/ A and B, the secretary and treasurer of the X coi-poration, 
make an agreement with D to lease the latter certain corporate 
lands without consulting the board of directors. C, the president, 
with A and B who own nearly all tBe stock of the corporation as- 
sent to the making of the lease. A stockholder makes complaint. 
What are his rights, and is the corporation liable on the agreement ? 

A. The corporation is not bound, as the directors &\6ne have 



144 CORPORATIONS. 

the power to make such agreements. A stockholder can get an 
injunction to prevent this act. " The secretary and treasurer of 
a corporation have no implied power to execute a lease of the cor- 
porate lands, and a person claiming under such a contract must 
prove that the secretary and treasurer had special authority to ex- 
ecute it. Acts and declarations of the secretary and treasurer and 
the president, who owned all but a few shares of the stock of the 
corporation, do not act as a ratification of the contract, in the ab- 
l sence of a resolution of the board of directors, or the acquiescence 
of all the stockholders." Broadway Theatre Co. v. Dessau Co., 
45 App. Diy,, 476. 

I Q. The X corporation divides a certain amount of its capital 
stock among its shareholders, while various claims of its creditors 
are unliquidated. A, who is one of the creditors, sues the corpo- 
ration and obtains judgment. He issues execution which is re- 
turned unsatisfied. A comes to you for advice. What are his 
remedies ? 

A. A can follow the property into the hands of the stockholders. 
" Where property of a corporation has been divided among its 
stockholders before all its debts have been paid, a judgment cred- 
itor after a return of an execution unsatisfied, may maintain an ac- 
> tion in the nature- of a creditor's bill against a stockholder to reach 
^whatsoever was so received by him. It is immaterial whether he 
got it by fair agreement with his associates, or bj' a wrongful act. 
A creditor is not required to bring a suit on behalf of other cred- 
itors who may choose to come in, or to make all stockholders par- 
ties to the action. Assets of a corporation are a trust fund for the 
payment of its debts, and its creditors have a lien thereon and a 
right to priority of payment over its stockholders." Bartlett v. 
Drew, 57 NJK. 587. ^ %-' ^^9U V. MiC«AM4 'T^ (f .S-'ij. 




A, a creditor of the X corporation, brings suit against the 
directors of the corporation for misappropriation of the corporate 
funds. The directors desiring to make restitution, come to you 
and ask you to hinder and delay the suit until they have an op- 
portunity to do so. They a,lso ask you to defend, on the ground 
that the creditor has no right to bring the suit. Wiiat would be 
your advice to them? 

A. The defense is good. The corporation itself is the proper 



OOEPOEATIONS. 145 

party to bring the action ; if it, however, refuses to do so, a stock- 
holder may sue for himself and on behalf of all other stockholders. 
The creditor has no right to interfere with the affairs of a going 
corporation. There is nothing to show that his claim would not 
be paid. " An action against an officer of a corporation to recover 
damages for a fraudulent misappropriation and conversion by him 
of the corporate property, can only be brought by a stockholder in 
his own name, after application to, and a refusal on the part of the 
corporation to bring the suit. In case of such refusal, the stock- 
holders may bring an action for the benefit of himself and the 
other stockholders, but must make the corporation a party defend- 
ant, alleging in his complaint and nroving the refusal." Greaves 
V. Gough, 69 N. Y. 156. fluvT^^-^^ ''■^l^'i ^>- '^'^'J^'x '"-'-^ ' 

Q. A owes ten shares of stock in the X corporation. At an 
election of directors, he attempts to cast ten votes, but the person 
in charge of the election refuses to allow him to do so, claiming 
that each stockholder is entitled to but one vote. Is this conten- 
tion valid ? What are A's rights ? 

A. This question is fully answered by sec. 20 of the Corp. Law 
of 1892, which is as follows : " Unless otherwise provided in the 
certificate of incorporation, every stockholder of record of a stock 
corporation shall be entitled at every meeting of the corporation . 
to one vote for ev'ery share of stock standing in his name on the 
books of the corporation, and at a meeting of a non-stock-corpora- 
tion, every member, unless disqualified by the by-laws, shall be en- 
titled to one vote." o 



Q. A client states to you that he is a stockholder and director 
in a corporation whose annual meeting for the election of directors 
is about to be held ; that he is about to be re-elected a director by 
the stockholders ; that under the by-laws of the corporation a meet- 
ing of the new board of directors must be held immediately after 
the election of the directors by the stockholders ; that he will be 
unable to attend either of said meetings, and desires you to repre- 
sent him at the meetings of the stockholders and directors, and to 
vote in his stead at the election of directors by the stockholders 
and at the subsequent meeting of the directors. 'What would you 
advise him ? ■ 

A. A stockholder may vote by proxy, while a director cannot. 
10 ~ 



146 CORPOEATIONS. 

See. 21 of the^orp. Law of 1892 covers ths question of proxy 
voting, and is as follows : " Every member of a corporation except 
a religious corporation entitled to vote at any meeting thereof may 
so vote by proxy. No officer, clerk, teller or bookkeeper of a cor- 
poration formed under or subject to the banking law, shall act as 
proxy for any stockholder at any meeting of any such corporation. 
Every proxy must be executed in writing by the member himself, 
or by his duly authorized attorney. No proxy hereafter made shall 
be valid after the expiration of eleven months from the date of its 
execution, unless the member executing it shall have specified 
therein the length of time it is to continue iu force, which shall be 
for some limited period. Every proxy shall be revocable at the 
pleasure of the person executing it, but a corporation having no 
capital stock may prescribe in its by-laws, the persons who may 
act as proxies, and the length of time for which proxies may be 
executed." No director or trustee of a corporation can vote at a 
meeting of a board of directors by proxy. Craig Med. Co. v. Bank, 
59 Hun, 561. 

Q. The by-laws of the X corporation provide that an election of 
directors shall be held once a year. The board elected July, 1899, 
is sued for failing to file an annual report in May, 1901, no election 
having been held in 1900. The directors defend on the ground 
that their terms of office ended July, 1900, and that they are not 
liable for subsequent acts of the corporation. Is the defense 
good? 

A. The defense is not good. Sec. 23 of the Corp. Law of 1892 
provides : " If the directors shall not be elected on the day desig- 
nated in the by-laws, the corporation shall not for that reason be 
dissolved ; but every director shall continue to hold his office and 
discharge his duties until his successor has been elected." There- 
fore in this case, the directors continuing as such, are liable for 
the failure to file an annual report. 

Q. The by-laws of a corporation provide that a majority of the 
board of directors, at a meeting duly assembled, shall constitute a 
quorum for the transaction of its business. The board of direct- 
ors consisted of five members. At a meeting duly called, three 
directors were present ; two voted to sell a piece of the corpora- 
tion's real estate to your client, and one voted against it. Is the 
title good? Reasons. 



COKFUilATlO.NS. 147 

A. Title is good according to the provisions of sec. 29 of the 
q;W,Gorp. Law of 1892, which are as follows : " The affairs of every 
corporation shall be managed by its board of directors, at least one 
of whom shall be a resident of this state. Unless otherwise pro- 
vided by law, a majority of the board of directors of a corporation 
at a meeting duly assembled shall be necessary to constitute a 
■ quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority 
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, shall be the act 
of the board of directors." 

Q. The X corporation was dissolved, and thereafter the di- 
rectors of said corporation sued A to recover a debt due by him to 
the corporation. A demurs on the ground that the directors have 
no legal capacity to sue. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the directors. Sec. 30 of the Corp. Law of 
1892, is as follows : "Upon the dissolution of any corporation, its 
directors unless other persons shall be appointed by the legislature 
or by some court of competent jurisdiction shall be the trustees of 
its creditors, stockholders or members, and shall have full power 
to settle its affairs, collect and pay outstanding debts, and divide 
among the persons entitled thereto, the money and other property 
remaining after the payment of debts and necessary expenses. 
Such trustees shall have authority to sue for and recover the debts 
and property of the corporation, by their names as such trustees, 
and shall jointly and severally be personally liable to its creditors, 
stockholders, or members to the extent of its property and effects 
that shall come into their hands." 

Q. The X corporation is incorporated in 1897, to manufacture 
cigars. It does not begin its business until 1900. A question 
arises as to the existence of the X corporation. Give your opinion 
as to whether or not the corporation has a legal existence. 

A. This question is fully answered by sec. 31 of the Corp. Law 
of 1892, which is as follows : " If any corporation, except a rail- 
road, turnpike, plankroad, or bridge corporation, shall not organ- 
ize and commence the transaction of its business or undertake the 
discharge of its corporate duties within two years from the date of 
its incorporation, its corporate powers shall cease." 

Q. The X corporation, finding that its term of existence is about 



148 COKPOKATIONS. 

to expire, comes to you and asks how and in what manner its term 
of existence may be extended. What would your advice be ? 

A. Sec. 32 of therUo'rp. Law of 1892, covers this point, and is 
as follows : " Any domestic corporation at any time before the ex- 
piration thereof, may extend the time of its existence beyond the 
time specified in its original certificate of incorpoi'ation or by-law, 
or in any certificate of extension of corporate existence, by consent 
of the stockholders owning two thirds in amount of its capital 
stock, or if not a stock corporation, by two thirds of its members, 
which consent shall be given, either in writing, or by vote at a 
special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose, upon 
the same notice as that required for the annual meeting of stock- 
holders." JT" 

Q. Testator gives to A the income of one hundred shares of 
stock, and after his death the shares to go to B. After testator's 
death, the corporation issues twenty-five shares of new stock to 
eat up the surplus profits. To whom does the new stock belong, 
Aor B? 

A. The shares of stock belong to A. " When a stock dividend 
declared by a corporation, and allotted to shares of its original 
(. capital stock, belonging to a testamentary trust estate, constitutes 
as matter of jact a distribution of accumulated earnings or profits, 
it represents income, and belongs to the life tenant of the trust 
estate, as between him and the remainderman. The courts are 
not concluded from treating such earnings as income, by the form 
of their distribution, as in shares of stock." McLouth v. Hunt, 
154 N. Y. 179. 

Q. A was the owner of stock in the X corporation. He sells it 
to B. B makes application to the officers of the corporation to 
issue him a certificate. They refuse on the ground that the cor- 
poration has a large claim against A. Rights of B and why? 
Answer fully. 

A. The corporation can only refuse a transfer of the stock when 
sec. 26 of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892, is written or printed upon 
the cei'tificate. This section is as follows : " If a stockholder shall 
be indebted to the corporation, the directors may refuse to consent 
to a transfer of his stock until such indebtedness is paid, provided 



CORPORATIONS. 149 

a copy of this section is written or printed upon the certificate of 
stock." Irrespective of the question of indebtedness, it is well 
settled that an equitable action will lie to compel a transfer on its 
books by a corporation of shares of its capital stock to the owner 
of the same. Cushman v. Thayer, 76 N. Y. 365. In that case 
the court said : " It is easy to see that the party may have become 
the owner or purchaser of stock in a corporation, which he desires 
to hold as a permanent investment, which may be at the time of 
but little value, in fact without any market value whatever, and 
its real worth may consist in the prospective rise which the owner 
has reason to anticipate will follow from facts within his knowledge. 
To say that the holder shall be entitled to the stock, because the 
corporation, without any just reason, refuses to transfer it, and 
that he shall be left to pursue the remedy of an action for dam- 
ages, in which he can recover a nominal amount, would establish 
a rule which must work great injustice in many cases, and confer 
a power on /jor-porate bodies which has no sanction in the law." 

Q. A, having recovered judgment against the corporation, wishes 
to bring suit against certain stockholders in the X corporation and 
desires to know their names, He applies to the corporation for 
leave to inspect its books, but the corporation refuses his request. 
A comes to you for advice. What are his rights ? 

A. He can compel the corporation to allow him to inspect its 
books, for sec. 29 of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892 provides as fol- 
lows : " Every stock corporation shall keep at its office, correct 
books of account of all its business and transactions, and a book 
to be known as a stock book containing the names of all the stock- 
holders of the corporation, showing their places of residence, num- 
ber of shares of stock held by them respectively, the time when they 
respectively became the owners thereof, and the amount paid 
thereon. The stock book of every such corporation shall be open 
daily during at least three business hours for the inspection of its 
stocklyilders and judgment creditors who may make extracts there- 
from. . . . Every corporation that shall neglect, or refuse to keep, 
or cause to be kept such books, or to keep any book open for in- 
spection as herein provided, shall forfeit to the people the sum of 
fifty dollars for every day it shall so refuse or neglect. If any of- 
ficer or agent of any such corporation shall wilfully neglect or re- 
fuse to make any proper entry in such book or books, or shall refuse 



150 COnPORATIONS. 

or neglect to exhibit the same, or allow them to be inspected and 
extracts taken therefrom as provided for in this section, the cor- 
poration and such officer or agent shall each forfeit and pay to 
the party injured a penalty of fifty dollars for every such neglect 
or refusal, and all damages resulting therefrom." 

Q. The directors of the X corporation fail to file an annual re- 
port as prescribed by law. B, a creditor, sues one of the directors 
upon a debt which accrued subsequent to the failure of the directors 
to file their report. The director demurs on the ground that B 
must first sue the corporation, and furthermore that he must join 
the other directors as defendants with him. Judgment for whbm 
and why? 

A. Judgment for B. "Under the provisions of sec. 30 of the 
Stock Corp. Law of 1892 compelling every corporation, except 
moneyed or railroad corporations, to furnish a complete and accu- 
rate statement of its financial condition and responsibility at the 
commencement of each year, an action in case of the violation of 
this section can be maintained against any one director thereof, 
and the recovery of a judgment against the corporation and the is- 
sue of an execution thereon and its return unsatisfied, are not 
conditions precedent to the bringing of such action." Milsom Co. 
' V. Baker, 16 App. Div. 581. 

Q. A sells 100 shares of stock to B. B demands that the cor- 
poration place his name upon the books as a shareholder which is 
refused by the corporation. Has the corporation a right to refuse 
to recognize the demands of B ? If so, why so ? If not, why not ? 
Give reasons. 

A. The corporation has no right to refuse a transfer on the books 
of the corporation, unless thejstQ2]i|was^ot fully paid up^ Sec. 40 
of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892, providing in part as^folTows : " No 
share shall be transferable until all previous calls thereon shall 
have been fully paid in." 

Q. A sells certain property to the X corporation for |5,000, the 
property being necessary for the corporate purposes. / Subsequently 
the corporation issues a call on said stock claiming that the value 
of the property was only f3,500. A refuses toroay and consults 
you. What are his rights ? 



CORPORATIONS. 151 

A. He can hold the stock as fully paid stock, and need not pay 
any calls thereon, according to sec. 42 of the Stock Corp. Law of 
1892, which is as follows : " No corporation shall issue either 
stock or bonds except for money, labor done, or property actually 
received for the use and lawful purposes of such corporation. Any 
corporation may purchase any property authorized by its certificate 
of incorporation or necessary for the use and lawful purposes of 
such corporation, and may issue stock to the value of the amount 
thereof in payment therefor, and the stock so issued shall be full 
paid stock, and not liable for any further call ; neither shall the 
holder thereof be liable for any further payment under any of 
the provisions of this act; and in the absence of_fraud in the 
transaction, the judgment of the directors as to the value of the 
property purchased shall be conclusive ; and in all statements and 
reports of the corporation, by law required to be published or filed, 
this stock shall not be stated or reported as being issued for cash 
paid to the corporation, but shall be reported as being issued for 
property purchased." 

Q. A corporation engaged in the manufacture of clothing be- 
comes insolvent, and executes a chattel mortgage upon its machines 
as collateral security for its commercial paper in order to give pref- 
erence to the holders thereof. Is this mortgage valid as against 
the other creditors ? 

A. The mortgage is void as against the other creditors, as pref- 
erences by an insolvent corporation are not permitted by sec. 48 
of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892, which is as follows : " No corpora- 
tion which shall have refused to pay any of its notes or other obli- 
gations when due, in lawful money of the United States nor any of 
its officers or directors shall transfer any of its property to any of 
its officers, directors, or stockholders directly or indirectly for the 
payment of any debt, or upon any other consideration than the full 
value of the property paid in cash. No conveyance, assignment, 
or transfer of any property of any such corporation, by it, or by 
any officer, director, or stockholder thereof, nor any payment made, 
judgment suffered, lien created, or securitj' given by it, or by an}' 
officer, director, or stockholder when the corporation is insolvent 
or its insolvency is imminent, with the intent of giving a preference 
to any particular creditor over other creditors of the corporation 
shall be valid, except that laborer's wages for services shall be pre- 



162 COBtORATlONS. 

ferred claims and be entitled to payment before any other creditors, 
out of the corporate assets in excess of valid prior liens or encum- 
brances. Every person receiving by means of any of such prohib- 
ited acts or deeds any property of the coi'poration shall be liable to 
account therefor to its creditors or stockholders or other trustees. 
No stockholder of any such corporation shall make any transfer or 
assignment of his stock therein to any person in contemplation of 
its insolvency. Every transfer or assignment or other act done 
in violation of this section shall be void. Every director or officer 
of a corporation who shall violate or be concerned in violating any 
provision of this section, shall be personally liable to the creditors 
and stockholders of the corporation of which he shall be a director 
or officer, to the full extent of any loss they may respectively sus- 
tain by such violation." 

Q. The X corporation becomes insolvent and makes an assignment 
in which two of its directors are preferred. Two of the creditors 
put in their claims before the referee, and tlien move before the 
referee to reject the preferred claims on the groxind of the invalid- 
ity of the preference. What are the rights of the parties, and 
should the motion have been made before the referee ? 

A. The preference is void, and the referee has power to pass on 
its validity, it being a violation of sec. 48 of the Stock Corp. Law 
of 1892, supra. In Berwind Co. v. Ewart, 11 Misc. 490, it was so 
held, (vi^il u^m-^, (M<!J-.^»t>- , 

Q:' 'An insolvent manufacturing corporation owes a bona fide 
debt to A, one of the directors, to which it has no defense. A 
sues and recovers judgment by default, levies upon the property 
of the corporation and sells it to pay his debt. A receiver is ap- 
pointed and finds no tangible assets. What are the rights of the 
receiver in the premises, if any, and how would you enforce them ? 

A. The receiver can have the judgment vacated. In Kingsley 
V. Bank, 31 Hun, 329, it was held : " That as A was a stockholder 
in, and a director of the company, it was his duty to do all in his 
power to carry out the object and purpose of the law, and secure 
equality of payment among the creditors of the company ; that the 
entry of judgment by him in his own favor against the company, 
while it was insolvent, and the levy made and the execution issued 



CORPORATIONS. 158 

thereon was a violation of such duty, and that the judgment should 

be vacated and annulled on the receiver's application." 

(Note.) In Thioop v. Hatch Co., 125 N. Y. 530, it was said by the court : 
"That sec. 48 prohibits the acquisition by a director of an insolvent corpora- 
tion who is also a creditor, tlirough process of attachment, of a preferential lien 
on the corporate assets ; and this although the writ was issued in hostility to, 
and not in collusion with, the corporation." ^"^ '^' A^ i 3<] ' 

Q. A, the director of the X corporation, and certain creditors 
thereof, agree that the creditors should sue the corporation by serv- 
ice upon A, and that A, the director, would not report the service 
to the officers and other directors, and that the creditors might take 
judgment. This was done as agreed. Is there any valid objection 
to the judgment? 

A. There is no objection to the judgment. The case of Varnum 
V. Hart, 119 N. Y. 101, is exactly in point ; it was there held : " That 
the statute was not violated, as neither creditor nor director was 
under any statutory restraint ; and that there was no violation of 
the statute by a failure of the director to disclose the fact of the 
service of the papers upon him, whereb}^ a debt really existing and 
honestly due obtained a preference. Neither the director who was 
served nor the other officers if they had known of the service of 
the papers were bound to interpose a defense ; and whatever was 
done or authorized to be done or omitted, the fact remains that 
there was no assignment or transfer of the property, and hence no 
violation of the statute. An insolvent corporation is not obliged 
to defend any suit brought against it, for a valid debt, against 
which there is no valid legal defense, for the sole purpose of de- 
feating a preference ; it may suffer default, and thus allow a pref- 
erence." This case was cited with approval in French v. Andrews, 
145 N. Y. 445, and in Lopez v. Campbell, 163 N. Y. 340. In this 
last case it was held that the rule laid down in Varnum v. Hart, 
supra, has not been changed even though sec. 48 has been amended. 

Q. The X corporation issues fully paid up stock to A. In fact 
A has only paid 20^ of the par value of said stock. The corpora- 
tion becomes insolvent and a receiver is appointed. The receiver 
calls upon A to pay the remaining 80^ of his stock. A refuses, 
and the receiver brings an action to compel him to do so. Can the 
action be maintained? 

A. Yes. Sec. 54 of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892, provides in 



154 COEPOEATIONS. 

part as follows : " Every holder of capital stock not fully paid, iu 
any stock corporation shall be personally liable to its creditors to 
an amount equal to the amount unpaid on the stock held by him, 
for the debts of the corporation contracted while such stock was 
held by him." <?o-^:»t«.. K o £ -'■^^ SJ^ 9 - 

Q. A does certain painting for the X corporation, which after- 
wards becomes insolvent. A, not having been paid for his work, 
sues B, one of the stockholders. Can the action be maintained? 
If you had been A's attorney, what would you have done ? 

A. The action cannot be maintained without first exhausting 
the remedies against the corporation, and otherwise complying with 
sec. 54 of the Stock Corp. Law of 1892, which is in part as fol- 
lows : " The stockholders of every stock corporation shall jointly 
and severally be personally liable for all debts due and owing to any 
of its laborers, servants or employees, other than contractors, for 
services performed by them for such corporation. Before such 
laborer, servant or employee, shall charge such shareholder for 
such services, he shall give him notice in writing within thirty days 
after the termination of such services that he intends to hold him 
liable, and shall commence an action therefor within thirty days after 
the return of an execution unsatisfied against the corporation 
upon a judgment recovered against it for such services." Sec. 55 
provides that : " No action shall be brought against a stockholder 
for a debt of the corporation, until judgment therefor has been re- 
covered against the corporation, and an execution thereon has 
been returned unsatisfied in whole or in part, and the amount due 
on such execution shall be the amount recoverable with costs 
against the stockholder." 

Q. A, an officer of a corporation, lends to the corporation |10,000, 
and takes a bond of the corporation as security. The corporation 
at that time was solvent. Six months later, the corporation be- 
comes insolvent and a receiver is appointed. A attempts to prove 
his claim on the bond before the receiver. The claim is disallowed. 
A takes legal steps to enforce his claim with the other creditors. 
Can he succeed ? 

A. Yes. A had a right to secure himself for the advances made, 
and in the absence of proof of fraud, or of an improper or undue 
advantage taken, or the insolvency of the company at the time he 



CORPORATIONS. 155 

took the bond, to prove them for the full amount, and to share in 
the distribution up to the amount of his claim. There is nothing 
inconsistent with his position as officer to loan money to the cor- 
poration, and to secure himself for the loan made, therefore he has 
equal rights with the other creditors. Duncomb v. R. R., 88 N. Y. 1. 

Q. The president of the X corporation is voted an extra compen- 
sation by the directors of said corporation, for services performed. 
A, a stockholder objecting, comes to you for advice. What are 
his rights, if any. 

A. The president, in the absence of an agreement, is not entitled 
to an extra compensation, and if monej' is paid to him by the 
directors, the latter become liable therefor. Barril v. Callendar 
Co., 50 Hun, 257. 



156 CElMINAL LAW. 



CHAPTER IX. 

Criminal Law. 

•Q. State the legal presumption as to the responsibility of an in- 
fant for his Climes. 

A. Sec. 18 of the Penal Code provides: "A child under the 
age of seven years is not capable of committing crime." Sec. 19 
further provides in part as follows : "A child of the age of seven 
•■years, and under the age of twelve years, is presumed to be incap- 
able of crime, but the presumption may be removed by proof that 
he had sufficient capacity to understand the act or neglect charged 
against him, and to know its wrongfulness." Otherwise infants 
are liable for their crimes, the same as adults. 

Q. A was indicted for murder in the first degree ; he admitted 
the killing, but offered evidence to show that when he committed 
the deed, he was in a state of voluntary intoxication, and offered nc 
other evidence. The evidence is objected to as irrelevant and in- 
competent. Was the evidence admissible? If so, for what purpose, 
and what is the general rule? State whether or not voluntary 
intoxication is a defense to a crime. 

A. Voluntary intoxication is no defense to a crime, but is admis- 
sible in evidence to sfebw^iritent. Sec. 22 of the Penal Code covers 
this question, and is as follows : " No act committed by a person 
while in a state of voluntary intoxication shall be deemed less crim- 
inal by reason of his having been in such a condition. But Whenever 
the actual existence of any particular purpose; motive, or intent is 
a necessary element to constitute a particular species or degree of 
crime, the jury may take into consideration the fact that the accused 
was intoxicated at the time, in determining the pui'pose, motive, 
or intent with which he committed the act." 

A^Q. Husband and wife are jointly indicted for robbery in the first 
degree. State the general rule governing the liability of the wife. 



CRIMINAL LAW. 157 

A. Sec. 24 of the Penal Code is as follows : " It is not a defense, 
to a married woman charged with crime, that the alleged criminal 
act was committed by her in the presence of her husband." There 
is, however, a presumption of coercion raised by the presence of 
the husband which may be rebutted. This presumption prima 
facie relieves the wife from liability, but if she actively participates, 
she is also liable. People v. Ryland, 97 N. Y. 126. 

Q. A holds B, while C, A's wife, takes B's pocketbook containing 
$2,000 from him (B). A and C are subsequently indicted for 
robbery. At the trial, the attorney for the prisoners asks the court 
to discharge the wife on the ground that the act was committed in 
the presence of her husband, and therefore she was not responsible. 
What should the ruling of the court be ? 

A. The motion should be denied, as the wife is liable, she hav- 
ing actively assisted in the commission of the crime. " A husband 
and wife may be jointly indicted and convicted of a crime, where 
it appears that they were both guilty of the offense charged, and it 
is shown that there was no coercion, as in such case the wife acts in 
her own capacity, as one able to commit crimes, and of her own 
accord and intent, the same as if she were an unmarried woman." 
Goldstein v. People, 82 N. Y. 231. 

Q. A instructs B, his wife, to go on Broadway to pick pockets. 
In obedience to his instructions, she goes there and picks D's 
pocket, the husband not being present at the time. The 'wife 
is indicted for grand larceny. Is she liable? State the rule. 



A. Yes. "The presumption of coercion, which excuses a wife 
for a larceny committed in the company of her husband is prima 
facie ; not conclusive. If it appears that she was not urged to the 
offense by him, but was an inciter of it, she is liable as well as he. 
It is the presence of the husband which raises the presumption, and 
if the wife commits the offence, by the bare command or procure- 
ment of the husband, when he is not present, she is liable." Seller 
V. People 77 N. Y. 411. . 

Q. A is given a $20 bill by his employer, with instructions to 
go to the market and purchase certain goods. On the way he is 
met by B, who induces him to misappropriate the money. Of 
what crime, if any, is B guilty ? 



158 CKIMINAL LAW. 

A. B is guilty of petit larceny, as the amount misappropriated 
is less than |25. As B aided and abetted, he is deemed a princi- 
pal within the provisions of sec. 29 of the Penal Code, which 
is as follows : " A person concerned in the commission of a 
crime, whether he directly commits the acts constituting the 
offense, or aids and abets in its commission, and whether present 
or absent, and a person who directly or indirectly counsels, com- 
mands, induces or procures another to commit a crime, is a 
principal." This section abolishes the common-law distinction be- 
tween accessories before and after the fact, the former being in- 
cluded in the definition of a principal. Accessory, corresponding 
to the common-law accessory after the fact, is defined in sec. 30 
of the Penal Code as follows : " A person who, after the commis- 
sion of a felony, harbors, conceals or aids the offender, with intent 
that he may avoid or escape from arrest, trial, conviction, or punish- 
ment, having knowledge oi- reasonable ground to believe, that 
such offender is liable to arrest, has been arrested, is indicted or 
convicted, or has committed a felony, is an accessory to the felony." 
In this case, even if B were not held to come within the statutory 
definition of a principal, he would yet be liable, as petit larceny is 
a misdemeanor (sec. 535, Penal Code), and all are considered as 
principals in misdemeanors, according to sec. 31, which is as fol- 
lows : " A person who commits or participates in an act which 
would make him an accessory if the crime committed were a felony, 
is a principal, and may be indicted and punished as such, if the 
crime be a misdemeanor." 

Q. A lies in wait for the carrjage of B to pass, in which he 
supposes B to be riding. B has, however, left the carriage just 
before reaching the spot. 'A shoots through the carriage top sup- 
posing B to be there. Is A guilty of a crime, and if so, what? 

A. A is guilty of attempted murder. " An attempt to commit 
a crime may be effectual, although for some reason undiscoverable 
by the intending perpetrator, the crime, under existing circum- 
stances, may be incapable of accomplishment." People v. Moran, 
123 N. Y. 254. Sec. 34 of the Penal Code provides as follows : 
" An act done with intent to commit a crime and tending but 
failing to effect its commission,, is an attempt to commit that 
crime." 

(NoTB. ) An approach with intent to commit an assault, although not near 
enough to enable it to be committed, constitutes an attempt to commit the 
assault. People v. McConnel, 60 Hun, 1J3. 



CRIMINAL LAW. 159 

Q. A was walking down Broadway. B puts his hand in A's 
pocket. At the trial, it appears that there was nothing in the pocket. 
Is B guilty of a crime, and if so, what ? 

A. B is guilty of attempting to commit grand larceny in the 
second degree. In People v. Moran, supra, it was held that a per- 
son commits the crime of attempting to commit the crime of grand 
larceny in the second degree, who puts his hand in the pocket of 
a garment upon the person of another, with intent to steal what 
may be in that pocket, even though there is nothing in the pocket. 

Q. A in the nighttime passes through an alley in the rear of 
the store of B, with the intention of robbing the same. He recon- 
noitres the premises. He has with him at the time burglar tools, 
which he does not consider strong enough. He leaves them near 
the store, and goes to a neighboring blacksmith's shop, and obtains 
a crowbar and returns. On his return, a detective who has been 
watching him, arrests him before he commences to act. Is A 
guilty of any crime ? 

A. A is guilty of attempt to commit burglary. " The act of 
getting the proper instruments, whether from the blacksmith's shop 
or elsewhere, was as much an act to enable him to commit the 
offense, as it would have been if he had taken the crowbar for the 
purpose, which he had happened to find beside the door of the 
store. In order to constitute an attempt to commit a crime, there 
must be more than a mere design, there must have been some inef- 
fectual act or acts towards its accomplishment." People v. Lawton, 
66 Barb. 126. i^3 f^i. !r%- 

)C Q. A takes poison intending to end his life. He is taken to 
a hospital where he recovers. Is he guilty of a crime, and if so, 
what ? Is suicide a crime ? 

A. Suicide is not a crime according to sec. 173 of the Penal 
Code, which is as follows : " Although suicide is deemed a grave 
public wrong, yet from the impossibility of reaching the successful 
perpetrator, no forfeiture is imposed." But an attempt to commit 
suicide is a felony, according to sees. 174 and 178, which are as 
foUows : "A person who, with intent to take his own life, commits 
upon himself any act dangerous to human life, or which, if com 
mitted upon or towards another person, and followed by death as 
a consequence, wdi^ld render the perpetrator chargeable with 



160 CEIMINAL LAW. 

homicide, is guilty of attempting suicide." Sec. 178 says : " Every 
person guilty of attempting suicide is guilty of a felony, punish- 
able by imprisonment in a state prison for not exceeding two years, 
or by a fine not exceeding $1,000 or both." 

Q. A is charged with the murder of B. A dismembered body 
is found, but the prosecuting attorney cannot prove that it is the 
body of B. A's attorney moves for a dismissal of the indictment. 
What should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. The motion should be granted. Sec. 181 of the Penal Code 
provides as follow : " No person can be convicted of murder or 
manslaughter, unless the deatli of the person alleged to have been 
kUled, and the fact of killing by the defendant, as alleged, are 
each established as independent facts ; the former by direct proof, 
and the latter beyond a reasonable doubt." 

Q. A strikes B with his fist. B immediately draws a pistol and 
shoots him dead. B is indicted, and on his trial, his counsel 
moves for his discharge, on the ground that the kilUng was done 
in self-defense. Should the motion be granted ? 

A. No. " One who is without fault himself, when attacked by 
another, may kill his assailant, if the circumstances be such as to 
furnish reasonable ground for apprehending a design to take away 
his life, or do him some great bodily harm, and the danger is im- 
minent. But this principle will not justify one in returning blows 
with a dangerous weapon, when he is struck with the naked hand, 
and there is no reason to apprehend a design to do him great bodily 
harm. Nor will it justify homicide, when combat can be avoided, ^ 
or where after it has been commenced, the part}'- can withdraw 
from it in safety before he kills his adversary." Shorter v. People, 
2 N. Y. 193. 

Q. A burglariously breaks into the house of B. B attempts to 
capture him, and while so doing is shot by A. A is arrested 
and indicted for murder in the first degree. At the trial, his at- 
torney asks for a dismissal of the indictment on the ground that 
there was no premeditation and deliberation. What should be the 
ruling of the court ? 

A. The motion should be denied. The killing of any human 
being, while engaged in the commission of a felony (as a burglary) 



CRIMINAL LAW. 161 

is murder in the first degree, whether the felony was committed 
upon or affects any person or concerns property only. People v. 
Greenwall, 115 N. Y. 520. Sec. 183 of the Penal Code defines mur- 
der in the first degree as follows : " The killing of a human being, 
unless it is excusable or justifiable, is murder in the first degree, 
when committed, either 1. From a dehberated and premeditated de- 
sign to effect the death of the person killed, or of another ; or 2. By 
an act imminently dangerous to others, and evincing a depraved 
mind, regardless of human life, although without a premeditated 
design to effect the death of any individual ; or without a design 
to effect death, by a person engaged in the commission of, or in 
an attempt to commit a felony, either upon or affecting the person 
killed or otherwise ; or 3. When perpetrated in committing the 
crime of arson in the first degree." ^ 

IX Q. A and B are engaged in a quarrel, and come to blows. B 
strikes A with his fist causing A to fall down, and fatally injure 
himself. B is indicted and tried for murder. Can he be con- 
victed ? 

A. No. He can only be convicted of manslaughter. Sec. 19|{3 
of the Penal Code, defining manslaughter in the second degree, is 
as follows : " Such homicide is manslaughter in the second degree 
when committed without a design to effect death, either 1. By a 
person committing or attempting to commit a trespass, or other in- 
vasion of a private right either of the person killed, or of another 
not amounting to a crime; or 2. In the heat of passion, but not 
by a dangerous weapon, or by the use of means either cruel or un- 
usual ; or 3. By an act, procurement, or culpable negligence of 
any person, which, according to the provisions of this chapter, does 
not constitute the crime of murder in the first or second degree, 
nor manslaughter in the first degree." A homicide may only be 
classed as manslaughter when there is no design to kiU; when 
that purpose is present, the crime is murder in one of its degrees. 
Deliberation is there, when there is sufficient opportunity for reflec- 
tion, that reflection was had, and choice was made with full oppor- 
tunity to chcfse otherwise. People v. Beckwith, 103 N. Y. 360. 

Q. Define justifiable and excusable homicide, and are the terms 
synonymous ? 

A. The terms are not synonymous. Excusable homicide is de- 
ll 



162 CRIMINAL LAW. 

fined in sec. 203 of the Penal Code as follows : " Homicide is ex- 
cusable when committed by accident and misfortune, in lawfully 
correcting a child or servant, or in doing any lawful act, by lawful 
means, with ordinary caution, and without any unlawful intent." 
Sees. 204 and 205 define justifiable homicide, and are as follows : 
" Homicide is justifiable when committed by a public officer, or a 
person acting by his command, and in his aid and assistance, either 

1. In obedience to the judgment of a competent court ; or 2. Nec- 
essarily in overcoming actual resistance to the execution of the 
legal process, mandate or order of a court or officer, or in the dis- 
charge of a legal duty ; or 3. Necessarily in retaking a prisoner 
who has committed, or who has been arrested for, or convicted of, 
a felony, and who has escaped or has been rescued, or in arresting 
a person who has committed a felony and is fleeing from justice ; 
or in attempting by lawful ways and means to apprehend a person 
for a felony actually committed, or in lawfully suppressing a riot, 
or in lawfully preserving the peace." Sec. 205 says: "Homicide 
is also justifiable vs^hen committed, either 1. In the lawful defense 
of the slayer, or of his or her husband, wife, parent, child, brother, 
sister, master or servant, or of any other person in his presence or 
company, when there is reasonable ground to apprehend a design 
on the part of the person slaying to commit a felony, or to do some 
great personal injury to the slayer, or to any such person, and 
there is imminent danger of such design being accomplished ; or 

2. In the actual resistance of an attempt to commit a felony on 
the slayer, in his presence, or upon or in a dwelling or other place 
of abode in which he is." 

Q. While A is sitting in his room counting money, B enters 
with a loaded pistol in his hand, and points it at A, demanding the 
money. A, becoming frightened, immediately drops the money, 
and runs out of the room. B then gathers up the money which A 
left, and runs away. Of what crime is B guilty? 

A. Seemingly this does not come within the statutory definition 
of robbery, which requires the taking to be in the presence, of the 
one robbed. Sec. 224 of the Penal Code, defining robbery, is as 
follows : " Robbery is the unlawful taking of personal property, 
from the person or in the presence of another against his will, by 
means of force, or violence, or fear of injury, immediate or future, 
to his person or property, or the person or property of a relative or 



CRIMINAL LAW. 163 

member of his familj-, or of any one in his company at the time of 
the robbery." There seem to be no New York decisions in point, 
but in the case of State v. Calhoun, 72 la. 432, it was held : " It is 
not necessary in order to constitute the crime of robbery, that the 
property should actually be taken from the person of the victim, 
or from his immediate presence ; and when the victim is bound in 
the room of his house, and through fear of personal violence is in- 
duced to tell his assailant where his property may be found in 
another room, and the assailant goes into such room and finds and 
takes the property, this is ' a taking from the person ' within the 
meaning of the statute." If this question were fairly put. to our 
courts, it would probably be held to be robbery. Of course, if B 
is not guilty of robbery, he is clearly guilty of larceny. 

Q. A is standing on a street corner, and takes his wallet from 
his pocket for the purpose of taking a coin tlierefrom to purchase 
something. B comes along and snatches it from his hand. Is B 
guilty of robbery ? 

A . No. This is merely larceny, and not robbery. Violence as 
used in the Penal Code implies overcoming, or attempting to over- 
come an actual resistance, or prevent such resistance tlirough fear. 
People V. Hall, 6 Park. Cr. Rep. 642 ; People v. McGinty, 24 Hun, 
62. 

Q. A picks B's pocket and runs off. B pursues him, and upon 
coming up with him attempts to seize him. A, for the purpose of 
effecting his escape, draws a pistol, whereupon B desists. Several 
days later A is arrested, and subsequently indicted and tried for 
robbery. Can he be convicted? 

A. No, for this is not robbery, according to sec. 225 of the Penal 
Code, which is as follows : " To constitute robbery, the force or 
fear must be employed either to obtain or retgin possession of the 
property, or to prevent or overcome resistance to the taking. If 
employed merely as a means of escape, it does not constitute rob- 
bery." 

Q. A takes B's watch and chain from B's pocket. B, upon dis- 
covering this, grapples with him, and attempts to retake his prop- 
erty, whereupon A strikes him a heavy blow causing him to release 



164 CEIMINAL LAW. 

his hold upon the watch and chain. A then makes good his es- 
cape with the property. Of what crime is A guilty? 

A. A is guilty of robbery. The force was here employed for 
the purpose of retaining possession of the property, and constitutes 
robbery within the provisions of sees. 224 and 225, supra. " Al- 
though the thief may have secured possession of the property of 
another without force or violence, the removal of the property from 
the presence of that other with force or violence constitutes rob- 
bery." People V. Glynn, 54 Hun, 332. 

Q. A and B are husband and wife. A, the husband, leaves the 
country, and isjiot_heatd ofjfor more than five years. B, the wife, 
believing him to be dead, marries C. Of what crime, if any, is 
B guilty? . 

A. B is not guilty of any crime,(N. within the meaning of sees. 
298 and 299 of the Penal Code which are as follows : " A person 
who having a husband or wife living, marries another person, is 
guilty of bigamy, and is punishable by imprisonment in the peniten- 
tiary or state prison for no more than five years." Sec. 299 says : 
" The last section does not extend, 1. To a person whose former 
husband or wife has been absent for five years successively then 
last past, without being known to him or her within that time to 
be living, and believed by-bim-^or her to be dead ; or 2. To a per- 
son whose former marriage has been pronounced void, or annulled, 
or dissolved, by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, 
for a cause other than his or her adultery ; or 3. To a person who, 
being divorced for his or her adultery, has received from the court 
which pronounced the divorce, permission to marry again ; or 4. To 
a person whose husband or wife has been sentenced to impris- 
onment for life." 

Q. A, the wife of B, learns that B is living in another state with 
another woman. A consults a lawyer, and asks him if she may law- 
fully marry again. The lawyer informed her that she could. A 
acted in good faith, and stated all thfe facts to the lawyer. She 
marries again after five years. What crime, if any, is she guilty 
of? 

A. A is guilty of bigamy, for according to sec. 299, supra, the 
husband or wife, in order to have the right to marry again, must 
believe the other to be dead, and the advice of counsel does not 



CRIMINAL LAW. 165 

alter the matter. The case of People v. Me3rer, 8 St. Rep. 256, is 
in point. " The defendant was asked whether he had stated to a 
lawyer, that his wife had been absent over five years, that he had 
made diligent search to ascertain her whereabouts, and was unable 
to do so ; also whether the lawyer did not inform him that he had 
a right to marry. Held that the questions had no material bearing 
on the question of his belief in the death of his wife, and were in- 
competent." 

IX Q. A, an unmarried man marries B knowing her to be the wife 
orC, and also knowing that C is living in Canada. Of/ what crime, 
if any, is A guilty? 

. . It h 

A. A is guilty of bigam)^ according to sec. 301 of the Penal Code „ 

which is as follows : " A person wlio knowingly enters into a mar- , 
riage with another, which is prohibited to the latter by the forego- 
ing provisions of this chapter, is punishable by imprisonment in a 
penitentiary or state prison for not more than five years, or by a 
fine of not more than |;1,000, or both." 

Q. A's coachman is sleeping in a room which is fitted up for him 
in A's barn. B, thinking that the coachman has gone away for 
the night, sets fire to the barn, but the fire is extinguished before 
any material harm is done. B is indicted, tried and convicted of 
arson in the first degree. On appeal, B's counsel asks that the 
judgment be reversed on the following grounds : (a) That the in- 
dictment did not allege or tlie proof show any intention to burn the 
building, (by That B did not know that there was a man in the 
building, (e) That the barn was not a dwelling house. (<^) That 
nobody was iijjured. Should the judgment be reversed? State 
your opinion on each one of these sub-divisions. 

A. (a) This contention is not valid. It is not necessary to 
cliarge in an indictment, or to prove upon the trial, that the de- 
fendant set the fire with the intent to destroy the building. People 
V. Fanshawe, 137 N. Y. 68. (5) It is not necessary that the de- 
fendant should know that a human being is present in the building, 
if it is a dwelling house, according to sec. 486 of the Penal Code, 
which is as follows : '* A person who wilfully burns, or sets on fire 
in the nighttime, either 1. Ajdwelling houSe in which there is, at 
the time, a human being ; or 2. A car, vessel, or other vehicle, or 
a structure or building other than a dwelling house wherein, to the 



166 CfelMiNAL hAVf. 

knowledge of the offender, there is, at the time, a human being, is 
guilty of arson m the first degree." (c-) The barn was a dwelling 
house. " Any building is a dwelling house, within the acts defin- 
ing arson in the first degree, which is in whole or in part usually 
occupied by persons lodging therein at night, although other parts, 
or the greater part may be occupied for an entirely different pur- 
pose." People V. Orcutt, 1 Park. Cr. Rep. 252. Sec. 492 of the 
Penal Code re-enacts the rule laid down in this case, (^d) It is not 
necessaiy that anybody should be injured in order to constitute 
yarson. For these reasons, the judgment should be affirmed. 

/ '^ Is it a crime for a man to burn his own property, and if 

A. Ym. It is-^arson. /». Shepherd V. People, 19 N. Y. 537. Sec. 
495 of the Penal Code provides as follows : " To constitute arson, 
it is not necessary that another person than the defendant should 
have had ownership in the building set on fire." 

Q. A feloniously in the nighttime sets fire to the house of B. 
By reason of a heavy wind the sparks are communicated to the 
house of A, resulting in its destruction. Thereafter A is charged 
with arson, and indicted for having burned his own house. Can 
he be convicted ? 

A. Yes. Sec. 491 of the Penal Code is as follows : " Where 
an appurtenance to a building is so situated with reference to 
such building or any building is so situated with reference to 
another building that the burning of the one will manifestly en- 
danger the other, a burning of the one is deemed a burning of the 
other, within the foregoing provisions against any person actually 
participating in the original setting on fire, as of the moment when 
the fire of the one communicates to and sets on fire the other." 

Q. A intended feloniously to set fire to the house of B, but 
through a mistake went to the house of C, to which he set fire on 
the outside, and just as the fire began to catch, a violent rain 
storm came up and extinguished the fire. The damage done to 
C's house was very slight and inconsequential. Can A be con- 
victed of arson under the circumstances or not ? If so, why so ? 
If not, why not? 

A. Yes. An indictment for burning one house is sustained by 



CRIMINAL LA-W. 167 

proof of the burning of another, with the criminal intent of burn- 
ing the house specified. Woodford v. People, 62 N. Y. 117. 

(Note.) Though there must be an actiial burning to constitute the offense, 
it is not necessary that the buiUiing should be consumed, or materially injured. 
If any part, however small, is consumed, it is sufficient. A flame is not neces- 
sary. Charring co nstitutes a burning. Mere scorching or discoloration is 
, not enough. See People v. Butler, 16 Johns. 203. 

A Q. A sets fire to his trunk containing all his clothing for the 
pui"pose of defrauding the insurance company. The clothing is 
consumed, but no part of the building is burned. He is indicted 
and tried for arson. Can he be convicted ? If not, is he guilty of 
any other offense ? 

A. A is not guilty of arson, but he is guilty of malicious mis- 
chieiT Setting fire to personal property in a building will not con- 
stitute the crime of arson, if no part of the house itself is burned. 
Dedieu v. People, 22 N. Y. 178. That this is malicious mischief, 
see sec. 637 of the Penal Code, which provides as follows : " A * 
person who wilfully burns or sets fire to any grain, grass, or grow- 
ing crop, or standing timber, or to any building, fixtures or appur- ' 
tenances to real property of_ another, under circumstances not 
amounting to arson in any of its degrees, is punishable by impris- 
onment for not more than four years." 

Q. A asked B to set fire to C's barn, and gave him material for 
- the purpose. A did not mean to be present at the commission 
of the offense, and B never intended to commit it; and in fact 
never set the bam on fire. Of what, crime, if any, is A guilty? 

A. A is guilty of an attempt to commit arson. The fact that A 
prepared the combustibles, and solicited another to use them in 
burning the barn, is sufficient to constitute an attempt. People v. 
Bush, 4 Hill, 133; McDermott v. People/fe Park. Cr. Rep.«frJc?= 

Q. A agrees with B, a servant of C's, that at an appointed time, 
B shall unlock the door of C's house, so that. A might come in C's 
house and commit burglary. The dpor is unlocked by B and A 
enters, but before he takes away anything he is frightened away, 
and is afterwards arrested. Upon the trial for burglary, the defend- 
ant's attorney asks the court to charge the jury to acquit the de- 
fendant on the ground that burglary was not committed. What 
should have been the ruling of the court ? State your reasons. 



168 CRlMIllAL LAW. 

A. The motion should be denied, for A has committed burglary. 
There was a break within the meaning of that term as defined in 
sec. 499 of the Penal Code, which is as follows : " The word 
'break' as used in this chapter, means and includes: 1. Breaking 
or violently detaching any part, internal or external, of a build- 
ing ; or 2. Opening for the purpose of entering therein, by any 
means whatever, any outer door of a building, or of any apartment or 
set of apartments therein, separately used or occupied, or any window, 
shutter, scuttle, or other thing, used for covering or closing an open- 
ing thereto or therein, or which gives passage from one part thereof to 
another ; or 3. Obtaining an entrance into such a building or apart- 
ment by any threat or artifice used for that purpose, or by collu- 
,sion with any person therein ; or 4. Entering such building or 
apartment by or through any pipe, chimney, or other-opgning, or by 
excavating, digging, or breaking through or under the building, 
or the walls or foundation thereof." 

(Note.) To constitute the crime of burglary, there must be both a break 
and an entry. Burglary in the first degree is defined in sec. 496 of the Penal 
Code as follows: " A person, who with intent to commit some crime therein, 
breaks and enters In the nighttime the dwelling house of another in which 
there is at the time a human being: 1. Being armed with a dangerous weapon; 
or 2. Arming himself therein with such a weapon; or 3. Being assisted by a 
confederate actually present; or 4. Who, while engaged in the nighttime in 
effecting such entrance, or in committing any crime in such building, or in 
escaping therefrom, assaults any person; is guilty of burglary in the first de- 
gree. 

Q. A clinibs upon the roof of a dwelling house, and by means 
of a rope ladder climbs down the chimney and into the house with- 
out disturbing any articles of furniture, takes a gold watch, and 
retires as he came. Of what crime or crimes, is he guilty? 

A. He is guilty of burglary, for there is a break within the 
meaning of sec. 499 of the Penal Code, supra. 

Q. A, a tramp, passes a farmhouse, and seeing a window open, 
enters the house through it, and sleeps there for the night. Upon 
awakening in the morning he takes some silverware, and is about 
to depart when he is discovered and arrested. He is indicted and 
tried for burglary. Can he convicted of that crime ? 

A. No. This is not burglary for there was no break. One 
who obtains entrance to a house through an open door or window 



CUlMtNAL LAW. 169 

is not guilty of burglary. People v. Arnold, 6 Park. Cr. Rep. 
231. ^■»'^ 

(Note.) Raising a window sash oonstitntes a breaking; so also tlie pusliing 
open of a closed but unfastened transom. People v. Edwards, 1 Wheeler Cr. 
Eep. (N. Y. )374. A removal of props from the door in order to open and 
enter is a breaking, but if a door or window is a little way open, it is not a 
breaking to push it further open. 5 Am. & Eng. Ency. of Law, 45. 

Q. A goes to B's house with the intention of robbing the same. 
The door is closed but not locked. A opens the door and enters the 
house, but is discovered and arrested before he commences to act. 
Of what crime, if any, is A guilty ? 

A. A is guilty of burglary. Where the door of a house is tightly 
closed without being either bolted, locked, or fastened, it is burglary 
to open it and enter the house-with the purpose of stealing. Tickner 
V. People, 6 Hun, 657. 

Q. A stopped at the house of B, and asked B's daughter for a 
drink of cider, offering to pay for it. She refused to let him have 
it, and he thereupon opened the door of the house, although for- 
bidden to do so by her, went in and drank some cider. He was 
arrested and indicted for burglary. Is he guilty of that crime ? 

A. No. Here the accused did not enter with the intent to commit 
a crime. While he intended to obtain a drink of cider, and thus 
deprive B of his property, there was an absence of the circumstances 
ordinarily attending the commission of a larceny, and which dis- 
tinguishes it from a trespass, and all the circumstances were con- 
sistent with the view that the transaction was a trespass merely. 
Every breaking does not constitute burglary ; there must be a 
J^felonious intent. McCourt v. People, 64 N. Y. 583. 

^Q. A is suddenly awakened one night by a violent ringing of his 
dJjpr bell. He opens the window and sees B, who says he has a 
telegram for A. A goes down stairs and opens the door. B im- 
mediately thrusts a pistol in A's face and demands entrance. A 
grapples with B, who releases himself and runs off. B had no tele- 
gram, and intended to robj\.'s house after gaining entrance by this 
subterfuge. What crime, if any, has B committed ? 

A. B has committed the .crime of burglary in the first degree 
within the meaning of sec. 496 of the Penal Code, supra. He 



170 CRIMINAL LAW. 

obtained entrance by an artifice, which constituted a break under sec. 
499, supra. There was an entry within the meaning of sec. 501, 
as the pistol was thrust into the building. Sect. 501 defines " enter " 
as follows : " The word ' enter ' as used in this chapter, includes 
the entrance of the offender in such building or apartment, or the 
insertion therein of any part of his body, or of any instrument or 
weapon held in his hand, and used, or intended to be used, to 
threaten or intimidate the inmates, or to detach or remove property." 

Q. A breaks a window in a jewelry store, and projects a stick in- 
to the window for the purpose of removing some jewelry and steal- 
ing the same. He is arrested. Of what crime, if any, is he guilty ? 

A. A is guilty of burglary, for there was both a brealcand an 
entry within the meaning of the statute. See sees. 499, 501, 
supra. 

Q. A, intending to rob the store of B, bored a hole through the 
door with a centerbit ; but before he could proceed any further he 
was discovered and arrested. Part of the chips were found on the 
inside of the store, from which it was apparent that the end of the 
centerbit had penetrated into the house. A is indicted and tried 
for burglary. (Jan he be convicted of that crime ? 

A. No. The instrument was not introduced into the building 
for the purpose of taking property. While there was a sufiicient 
breaking, there was not a sufficient entry to constitute a burglary. 
If the instrument is used solely for the purpose of effecting an entry, 
and not for the purpose of committing the contemplated felony, it 
will not amount to a burglarious entry. See sec. 601, supra. 

Q. A servant of B, pretending to ' be acting in accord with C, 
who intended to burglarize B's house, agreed with C that on a sig- 
nal to be given him, she would open the door and let him in. The 
servant, having informed B of the affair and her arrangement, was 
instructed by him to carry out her arrangement which she did, and 
on C's entering the house, he was at once arrested by an officer 
concealed therein, indicted, tried and convicted of burglary. Would 
the conviction stand on appeal ? If not what is the trouble ? State 
your reasons. 

A. The judgment of conviction should be reversed. A person 
cannot be guilty of burglary who enters a house by permission of 



CElMINAL LAW. 171 

the servant of the owner, the latter knowing at the time that the 
person wishes to enter to steal. It is in effect a consent to the entry 
by such person, and is not even a trespass. Here the servant was 
the agent of the owner of the house in the transaction, and what- 
ever the agent did in conformitj' to his instructions, must be treated 
as done by the principal. It seems that there are no New York 
decisions on this point, but the case of Allen v. State, 40 Ala. 334 
(91 Amer. Dec. 475), is exactly in point, and it was there so held. 

Q. A has a fruit stand erected on a street against a building. 
This stand has both a window and a door. B, in the nighttime, 
while A is sleeping therein, breaks and enters into it, and takes 
therefrom flO. He is subsequently arrested and indicted for 
burglary. Upon the trial, B's counsel moves for a dismissal of 
the indictment, on the ground that the stand was not a building 
within the meaning of the Penal Code, and therefore could not be 
the subject of burglary. What should be the ruling of the court? 
State your reasons. 

A. The motion should be denied. The stand was a booth under 
sec. 504 of the Penal Code, which is as follows : " The term ' build- 
ing ' as used in this chapter, includes a railway car, vessel, boo,th, 
tent, shop, or other erection or inclosure." TFwas so held in the 
case of People v. Hagan, 87 St. Rep. 660. 

( Note. ) A vault in a cemetery is not included within the terms " building, 
erection or inclosure" as used in the Penal Code defining burglary. People v.' 
Kichards, 108 N. Y. 1^7. The chamber of a guest at a hotel is not his dwelling 
house, but that of the landlord ; therefore an indictment charging one to have 
attempted to enter tlie dwelling house of A, and it appearing that an attempt 
was made to enter a room in a hotel assigned to A, was held fatally defective, 
^^odgers v. People, <71 ¥ ■ H i iOl t. A store was under the same roof of a dwell- 
ing house ; there was no internal communication between the store and the 
upper rooms. Held that an entry into the store was an entry into a dwelling 
house. Quinn v. People, 71 N. Y. 561. 

Q. A, while travelling on a street car with B, puts his hand 
into B's ooat pocket, and lifts the pocketbook of the latter contain- 
ing f 100 about half way out of the pocket. He is discovered by 
a detective who happens to be in the car, and is arrested. He is 
subsequently indicted for larceny. On his trial, his attorney asks 
that the indictment be dismissed on the ground that there was 
not a sufficient carrying away to constitute larceny. What should 
be the ruling of the court? 



172 CRIMINAL LAW. 

A. The motion should be denied. To constitute the offense of 
larceny, there must be a taking of the goods from the power or 
control of the owner. A temporary possession, however, by the 
thief, though but for a moment, is sufficient. Harrison v. People, 
50 N. Y. 518. e 

Q. A goes to the house of B in B's absence, and represents to 
B's wife, C, that B has been arrested, and has sent A to get his 
watch, which he wishes to pawn and secure bail, all of which is 
false. C gives the watch to B. Is B guilty of any crime, or sim- 
ply conversion ? 

A. B is guilty of larceny. If by trick or artifice, the owner of 
property is induced to part with the custody or naked possession 
for a special purpose to one, who receives the property with a felo- 
nious intent, the owner still meaning to retain the right of property, 
the taking is larceny. Smith v. People, 53 N. Y. 111. 

(Note.) The common-law distinction between larceny, embezzlement, and 
obtaining goods under false pretenses is abrogated, and is now included in 
sec. 528 of tbe Penal Code, which is as follows : " A person who, with intent 
to deprive or defraud the true owner of his property, or of the use and benefit 
thereof, or to appropriate the same to the use of the taker, or of any other per- 
son, either 1. Takes from the possession of the true owner, or of any other 
person, or obtains such possession by color or aid of fraudulent or false repre- 
sentations or pretense, or of any false token or writing; or secretes, withholds, 
or appropriates to his own use, or that of any other person other than the true 
owner, any money, personal property, thing in action, evidence of debt or con- 
tract, or acticle of value of any kind ; or 2. Having in his possession, custody, 
or control, as a bailee, servant, attorney, agent, clerk, trustee, or officer of any 
person, association or corporation, or as a public officer, or as a person author- 
ized by agreement, or by competent authority, to hold or take such possession, 
custody, or control, any money, property, evidence of debt or contract, article 
of value of any nature, or thing in action or possession, appropriates the same 
to his own use, or that of any person other than the true owner or person en- 
titled to the benefit thereof, steals such property, and is guilty of larceny." 

Q. A was indicted for obtaining goods under false pretenses, 
and representations. At the time of the purchase, he offered his 
cheek dated the next day in payment for the goods, saying that there 
would be plenty of money to meet the check when due. The 
dealer relying on his 'representations took the check and delivered 
the goods, and presented the check for payment at the bank on 
which it was drawn the next day, when payment was refused. It 
turned out that A had placed no money in the bank, and at the 



CRIMINAL LAW. 173 

time of the transaction did not intend to pay the check. The facts 
being conceded, is A guilty or not guilty and why? 

A. A is guilty.' The case of Lesser v. People, 73 N. Y. 78, is 
exactly in point. It was there held that the circumstances tended 
to show the transaction to be a devi|0 on the part of the prisoner 
to defraud the prosecutor ; that the fact that the check was post- 
dated, did not under the circumstances make the transaction simply 
an undertaking that the money to meet it would be in the bank at 
its maturity ; and that the facts justified a conviction. Cases of 
this kind are covered by sec. 529 of the Penal Code, which is as 
follows : " A person who wilfully, with intent to defraud, by color 
or aid of a check or draft, or order for the payment of money, or 
the delivery of property, when such person knows that the drawer 
or maker thereof is not entitled to draw on the drawee for the sum 
specified therein, or to order the payment of the amount, or de- 
livery of the property, although no expressed representation is 
made in reference thereto, obtains from another any money or prop- 
erty is guilty of stealing the same and is punishable accordingly." 

Q. A finds a gold brooch on which B's name is engraved. A is 
acquainted with B, and knows where she can be found. A, how- 
ever, says nothing to B, but uses the property as his own. What 
remedy, or remedies, has B, if any ? 

A. B can sue A in conversion, and A is also guilty of larceny 
under sec. 539 of the Penal Code, which is as follows: "A person 
who finds lost property, under circumstances which give him 
knowledge or means of inquiry as to the true owner, and who ap- 
propriates such property to his own use, or to the use of another 
person who is not entitled thereto, without having first made 
every reasonable effort to find the owner, and restore the property 
to him, is guilty of larceny." 

Q. A steals some money and a watch in Albany county. He 
takes it into Oneida county, and is there arrested, and the money 
and watch found on his person. He is tried in Oneida county, 
and at the completion of the evidence, the counsel for the prisoner 
asks the court to direct the jury to acquit the prisoner, on the 
ground that the crime was commited in Albany county. What 
should the court do ? 



174 CBIMINAL LAW. 

A. The motion should be denied. A prisoner may be convicted 
of burglary or larceny in any county into which he carries the goods 
stolen by means of the burglary or larceny. Haskins v. People, 16 
N. Y. 3^4. 

Q. A commits burglary in Westchester county. He is arrested 
in Albany county on a warrant issued in Westchester county. 
A claims to be entitled to be admitted to bail in Albany county. 
A consults you. What advice would you give ? 

A. A's contention is not valid. Where by a warrant, an arrest 
be directed for a felony, the magistrate issuing it has exclusive 
jurisdiction, except in case of his absence or inability to act, to ex- 
amine, commit to bail, or discharge a prisoner arrested under such 
a warrant. People v. Navagh, 4 Cr. Rep. 289. The distinction 
must be drawn between arrests for felonies and misdemeanors. 
Sec. 158 of the Code of Cr. Pro. provides : " If the crime charged 
in the warrant be a felony, thd officer making the arrest must take 
the defendant before the magistrEtte who issued the warrant, or 
some other magistrate in the same county." Sec. 159 says : " If the 
crime charged in the warrant be a misdemeanor, and the defendant 
be arrested in another county, the officer must upon being required 
by the defendant, take him before a magistrate in that coujity, who 
must admit the defendant to bail, for his appearance before the 
magistrate named in the warrant, and take bail from him accord- 
ingly." 

"^ Q. In what cases may a private person arrest another ? 

A. Sec. 183 of the Code of Crim. Pro. provides : " A private 
person may arrest another, 1. For a crime, committed or attempted 
in his presence ; 2. When the person arrested has commited a fel- 
ony, although not in his presence." 

(Note.) Sec. 177 enumerating the cases in which a police officer may arrest 
without a warrant, in addition to the two cases given in sec. 183, supra, adds a 
third, which is as follows: "When a felony has in fact been committed, and 
he has reasonable cause for believing the person to be arrested to have com- 
mitted it. 

Q. A is being tried for robbing B of a diamond stud. The in- 
dictment alleges that the robbery occurred on the 10th day of 
May, 1899, and that the property taken belongs to B. The evidence 
shows that the robbery took place on the 18tb day of May, and 



CRIMINAL LAW. , 175 

that the stud was one loaned to B, and the property of C. A's 
counsel asks the court to instruct the jury to acquit the defendant 
on the ground that there is a variance between the indictment and 
the proof. What should be tlie ruling of the court? 

A. The motion should be denied. A variance between the 
averment in an indictment, and the proof, as to the day on which 
the crime was committed, may be disregarded and the indictment 
amended. People v. Jackson, 111 N. Y. 362. Sec. 280 of the Code 
of Crim. Pro. provides as follows : " The precise time at which the 
crime was committed need not be stated in the indictment ; but it 
may be alleged to have been committed at any time before the 
finding thereof, except where the time is a material ingredient in 
the crime." Sec. 293 says : " Upon the trial of an indictment, when 
a variance between the allegations therein and the proof, in respect 
to time, or in the name or description of any place, person or thing 
shall appear, the court may, in its judgment, if the defendant can- 
not be thereby prejudiced in his defense on the merits, direct the 
indictment to be amended, according to the proof, on such terms 
... as the court may deem reasonable." 

Q. An indictment charges three counts : 1. Burglary, by break- 
ing and entering the dwelling house of Bin the nighttime. 2. Grand 
larceny, by feloniously taking and carrying away articles of prop- 
erty in the house. 3. For receiving the stolen property men- 
tioned in count two. Is the indictment good, mider that section of 
the_Code of Crim. Pro. which prohibits indictments for more than 
one crime ? 

A. The indictment is good. The rule stated in sec. 278 of the 
Code of Crim. Pro. that the indictment must charge but one crime, 
is subject to one exception stated in sec. 279, which is as follows : 
" The crime may be charged in separate counts to have been com- 
mitted in a different manner or by different means ; and where 
the acts complained of may constitute different crimes, such crimes 
may be charged in separate counts." See also Hawker v. People, 
75N.Y.487. S'^'c oi.^.o f.,^ ^^4^ C^^-^^^ 

Q. Upon a trial for murder, in examining jurors it develops 
that A, one of the jurors, has already formed an opinion as to the 
guilt of the prisoner. What must the prosecuting attorney show 
in order to make the juror acceptable ? 



176 . CRIMINAL LAW. 

A. This case is governed by sec. 376 of the Code of Crim. Pro., 
■which in part is as follows : " But the previous expression or 
formation of an opinion or impression in reference to the guilt 
or innocence of the defendant, or a present opinion or impression in 
reference thereto, is not a sufficient ground of challenge for actual 
bias, to any person otherwise legally qualified, if he declare on 
oath, that he believes that such opinion or impression will not in- 
fluence his verdict, and that he can render an impartial verdict 
according to the evidence, and the court is satisfied that he does 
not entertain such present opinion or impression as would influence 
his verdict." The case of People v. Flaherty, 162 N. Y. 532, 
shows how strictly this section is construed. It was there held that : 
"A juror's declaration on oath, that he could render a fair and 
impartial verdict upon the evidence brought out on the trial, does 
not remove a prima facie disqualification arising from his testify- 
ing that he has an opinion as to the guilt or innocence of the ac- 
cused, where he does not declare on oath, as required by the 
statute, " that he believes such opinion or impression will not in- 
ifluence his verdict." 

Y 

\f-. Q. A walks into B's house one summer afternoon, the door be- 
ing open, and steals therefrom a watch worth $20. He soon after 
repents of having done so, goes to B and returns the watch, and 
receives from B a formal release, whereby B agrees not to prosecute 
liim for the theft. Can A thereafter be convicted of any crime, 

A.^As the amount was less than $25, and was not taken from 
B's person, the crime committed, was netit larceny, which is a 
misdemeanor and can be compromised ; m&refore A having received 
a j-&lease,- cannot thereafter be prosecuted, for the theft. Sec. 663 
of the Code^oi Crim. Pro. provides for the compromise of certain 
crimS^and is as follows: " When\ defendant is brought before a 
magistrate, or is lield to answer on a charge of- a misdemeanor, for 
which the person injured by the act constituting the crime has a 
remedy by civil action, the crime may be compromised, except when 
it was committed : 1. By or upon an officer of justice while in the 
execution of the duties of the office ; 2. Riotously ; or 3. With an 
intent to commit a felony." '^^ 'i^-*^ ^ (eti/ fl-^t. . 



DOMESTIC HELATIONS. 177 



CHAPTER X. 

Domestic Relations. 

Q. A and B, husband and wife, agree in writing that : "Because 
of certain serious disagreements between us, we hereby mutually 
agree to live apart." A agrees to paj^ B 1200 per month by the 
terms of the agreement. He does not pay for three months, upon 
which B brings suit for -IBOO. A defends on what ground? 
Rights of B ? 

A. B cannot recover, as the agreement is void as against public 
policy. The case of Poillon v. Poillon, 49 App. Div. 341, is 
exactly in point. It was there held that : " A separation agree- 
ment executed by a husband and wife, without the intervention of 
a trustee, which provides that the parties have mutually consented 
and agreed and ' by these presents do mutually consent and agree 
to hereafter live separate and apart from each other,' is void as 
against public policy, the necessary inference tlierefrom being, that 
the parties, neither of whom appeared to be entitled to a separation, 
were living together when the paper was signed, and that it was 
an essential part of the agreement that they should thereafter 
separate. Sec. 21 of the Domestic Rel. Law of 1896, providing 
that a married woman may make contracts ' with any person in- 
cluding her husband, as if she were unmarried, but a husband and 
wife cannot contract to alter or dissolve the marriage, or to relieve 
the husband from his liability to support his wife,' does not enlarge 
the power of the husband and wife in respect to separation agree- 
ments." 

(Note.) The husband and wife may, however, make such agreement 
through the medium of a trustee. The case of Clark v. Fosdick, 118 N. T. 7, 
represents the law on this point. It was there held aip'fellows: " A husband 
and wife agreed to live separately, and to effectuate that agreement, entered 
into articles of separation througli the medium of a trustee, by the terms of 
which, the husband agreed t<> pay the trustee annually a sum named for the 
support of the wife during her life, the same to be in full satisfaction for such 
support and maintenance and of all alimony; the wife and trustee covenanted 
to save the husband harmless from his obligation to support her, and upon the 

V- 



178 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

execution of the agreement the parties separated. In an action against the 
husband to recover a payment under the agreement, held that it was valid, 
that the trustee was a trustee of an express trust, and that the action was 
properly brought in his name." 

Q. A husband agreed with his wife, they having separated, that 
he should pay her $10 per week for her support. This was done, 
but $10 was not enough, and she went to a grocer who knew of 
the contract and purchased groceries. The grocer sues the hus- 
band for the amount of the goods. What are his rights ? Answer 
in fuU. 

A. The grocer can recover from the husband. The question 
involved in this case has been the subject of much litigation. In 
Hatch V. Leonard, 38 App. Div. 128, it was held, that w^re a hus- 
band and wife are living separate and apart from each other, the 
presumption that the wife is the agent of the husband, authorized 
to charge him with purchases of necessaries made by her ceases. 
This decision was reversed by the Court of Appeals (Hatch v. 
Leonard, 165 N. Y. 435), and it was there held by the court, that 
the husband is bound to supply necessaries even after separation, 
and that the implied agency to buy necessaries does not cease 
after separation. This same case came up very recently on another 
appeal (71 App. Div. ^L), where it was held, if the husband had 
provided the wife with a sufficient amount, he is discharged irre- 
spective of the tradesman's knowledge. Of course in the question 
put, the husband not having supplied a sufficient sum, is liable. 

Q. A and B, husband and wife, enter into a partnership. C 
loans money to the firm, and A being financially irresponsible, 
sues B for the amount. She defends on the ground that a hus- 
band and wife cannot enter into a partnership. Is the defense 
good ? State your reasons. 

A. The defense is not good. This question was settled by the 
case of Suau v. Gaffe, 122 N. Y. 308, where it was said by Follet, 
Ch. J., in delivering the opinion of the court: "It being settled, 
that a husband and wife may be the agents of each other, and that 
they may bind themselves by joint contracts entered into with 
third persons, they are liable as partners to the same effect. Where 
a husband and wife assume to carry on a business as copartners, and 
contract debts in the course of it, the wife cannot escape liability 
on the ground of coverture.'' Sec. 21 of the Dom. Rel. Law of 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 179 

1896 continues this rule, and gives a husband and wife very com- 
plete power to contract with each other ; this section is as follows : 
" A married woman has all the rights in respect to property, real or 
personal, and the acquisition, use, enjoyment, and disposition there- 
of, and to make contracts in respect thereto with any person in- 
cluding her husband, and to carry on any business, trade, or occu- 
pation, and to exercise all powers and enjoy all rights in respect 
thereto, and in respect to her contracts, and be liable on such con- 
tracts as if she were unmarried ; but a husband and wife cannot 
contract to alter or dissolve the marriage, or to relieve the husband 
from his liability to support his wife." 

Q. A, the wife of B, does certain work for the X Co. which re- 
fuses to pay for the same. B, the husband, sues the company, 
which defends on the groiind, that he is not the proper party to 
bring the suit, but that the wife herself should sue. Is the defense 
good? 

A. Yes. The law up to very recently was, that the husband 
alone could sue for wages earned by his wife. Holcomb v. Harris, 
166 N. Y. 257. In Klapper v. R. R., 34 Misc. 528, a woman sued 
a New York City Railway Co. for loss of wages during the period 
in which she was unable to work, by reason of the injury caused 
by the road. The court upheld the company's contention that she 
had no right to sue, as her husband owned whatever wages she 
might earn. It was this decision that caused the legislature (1902) 
to pass a bill to be known as sec. 30 of the Dom. Rel. Law, which 
gives a married woman the right to sue for the wages she earns in 
her own name. See also Stevens v. Cunningham, 75 App. Div. 

Q. A, the wife of B, works for her husband in his place of busi- 
ness for ten weeks at $10 per week. B refuses to pay her. Slie 
sues for the amount due. B defends on the ground that the con- 
tract is void, and even if it was valid her earnings belongs to him. 
Is the defense good ? Can she recover ? 

A. This is a mooted question, and has not been settled by the 
Dom. Rel. Law of 1896. In the case of Blaechinska v. Howard 
Mission, 130 N. Y. 497^ it was held as follows : " The provisions 
of the act in relation to married women (Laws 1860 and 1884) mak- 
ing the property a married woman acquires her separate property, 



180 DOMESTIC KELATIONS. 

does not apply to labor performed by her for her husband, and she 
cannot make a binding contract with him for her services, although 
the same are to be rendered outside of her household duties. While 
he cannot require her to perform services for him outside of the 
household, such services as she does render, whether within or with- 
out the strict line of her duty, belong to him, and a promise to pay 
therefor is simply a promise to make her a gift, and so is not en- 
forceable." In the Matter of Callister, 153 N. Y. 294, Vann, J., in 
his opinion intimates by way of dicta that a recovery by the wife 
would be allowed under sec. 21 of the Dom. Rel. Law. He says : 
" It was not until after the death of Mr. Callister, that theje was 
legislation which would enable a husband to make a valid and en- 
forceable promise to his wife to pay her for personal services ren- > 
dered apart from a separate business." But in the face of sec. 21 
of the Dom. Rel. Law, it was held in Holcomb v. Harris, supra,' 
that a married woman could not sue for wages rendered to third 
persons, and the new statute changing that rule does not specific- 
ally give her the riglit to sue her husband for services rendered to 
him. 

Q. By antenuptial contract, a wife gives her husband -11,000. 
At that time she has -ilO,0,00. After the marriage, the creditors 
of the wife before the marriage sue the husband for a claim of 
$3,000 which they had against his wife. Can the creditors col- 
lect ? If so, how much ? 

A. The creditors can collect 11,000, according to sec. 24 of the 
Dom. Rel. Law of 1896, which is as follows : " A husband who 
acquires property of his wife by antenuptial contract or otherwise, 
is liable for her debts contracted before marriage, but only to the 
extent of the property so acquired." 

Q. A and B are husband and wife, and are living together. The 
wife goes to the grocer, and purchases groceries, agreeing to be 
individually responsible therefor. The wife refuses to pay. The 
grocer sues the husband for the amount of the bill. Can he re- 
cover? Answer in full. 

A. No. " When a married woman makes express contracts in 
her own name for her necessary support, she will not be deemed to 
have acted as agent for her husband in procuring such support, 
nor is there any implied agreement on the part of her husband to 



DOMESTIC KELATIONS. 181 

pay for such necessaries. When a person makes an express con- 
tract with a married woman for the joint support of herself and 
husband, if the wife is the sole contracting party, and the credit 
is given to her alone, and she is in all respects competent to make 
a valid contract and bind herself, such person will not be permitted 
to shift the liability upon the husband, who is not a party to the 
contract, upon the failure of the'wife to pay the amount due there- 
under." Byrnes v. Rayner, 84 Hun, 199. Sec. 25 of the Dom. Rel. 
Law accords with this rule, and is as follows : " A contract made 
by a married woman does not bind her husband or his property." 

Q. A, the wife of B, goes toa butcher and purchases some meat 
for the use of the household. B also goes and makes purchases of 
meat at various times. All the purchases are charged to B. B 
fails to pay. The butcher sues the wife. ' Can he recover? 

A. No. " A wife living with her husband is not liable for goods 
purchased in part by her, and in part by him, for use in their fam- 
ily, where she does not agree to become peisonally responsible for 
the indebtedness, and the goods are charged to the husband at the 
time of the purchase." Bradt v. Schull, 46 App. Div. 347. 

Q. A, the wife of B, in his presence grossly slanders C. C sues 
B, the husband. Can he recover? State your reasons. 

A. No. Sec. 27 of the Dom. Rel. Law of 1896 answers this ques- 
tion, and is as follows : "A married woman has a right of action 
for an injury to her person, property, or character, or for an injury 
arising out of the marital relation, as if unmarried. Slie is liable 
for her wrongful or tortious acts ; her husband is not liable for such 
acts, unless they were done by his actual coercion or instigation, 
and such coercion or instigation shall not be presumed, but must 
be proven." 

Q. A, the wife of B, sets a dog upon C in B's presence. The dog 
belongs to B. C sues both the husband and wife. B defends, on 
the ground that he is not a necessary or proper party. Judgment 
for whom and whj^? 

A. Judgment for B. "Under the Dom. Rel. Law of 1896, 
sec. 27, a husband is not liable for the wrongful acts of his wife, in 
setting upon another, a dog owned by the husband, in the absence 
of proof, that her conduct was the result of his actual coercion or 



182 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

instigation." Strubing v. Mahar, 46 App. Div. 400. That the 
husband is not a necessary or proper party, sec. 450 of the Code of 
Civ. Pro. provides as follows : " In an action or special proceeding, 
a married woman appears, prosecutes, or defends alone or joined 
with other parties as if she was single. It is not necessary or 
proper to join her husband with her as a party in any action or 
special proceeding affecting her separate property. The husband 
is not a necessary or proper party to an action or special proceeding 
to recover damages to the person, estate, or character of his wife, 
and all sums that may be recovered in such action or special pro- 
ceeding shall be the separate property of the wife. The husband 
is not a necessary or proper party to an action or special proceed- 
ing to recover damages to the person, estate, or character of another, 
on account of the wrongful acts of his wife committed without his 
instigation." 

Q. A is sentenced to imprisonment for life. He serves six 
years, and is then pardoned. He had previously been married, 
and had had two children born to him. On regaining his liberty, 
he seeks to secure the guardianship of his children. He comes to 
you for advice. What are his rights ? 

A. He cannot secure the guardianship of the children, for 
sec. 28 of the Dom. Rel. Law provides that : " A pardon granted to 
a person sentenced to imprisonment for life within this state, does 
not restore that person to the rights of a previous marriage, or to 
the guardianship of a child, the issue of such marriage." 

Q. A and B, husband and wife, are living in a state of separa- 
tion, but no decree of divorce has been made by a court affecting 
their marriage. B has possession of the two children, the issue of 
the marriage, both of whom are minors, and the husband wishes to 
get control of them. He comes to you for advice. What are his 
rights, and how would you proceed to enforce them ? 

A. Apply to the supreme court for a writ of habeas corpus, 
according to sec. 40 of the Dom. Rel. Law, which is as follows : 
" A husband or wife being an inhabitant of this state, living in a 
state of separation, without being divorced, who has a minor child, 
may apply to the supreme court for a writ of habeas corpus to 
have such minor child brought before such court; and on the 
return thereof, the court on due consideration, may award the 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 183 

charge and custody of such child to either parent, for such time, 
under such regulations and restrictions, and with such provisions 
and directions as the case may require, and may at any time there- 
after vacate or modify such order." 

Q. A question has arisen upon the return to a writ of habeas 
corpus, as to the proper person to have the custody of a child five 
years old. The father claims it as a right, and it is not contended 
that he is a person unfit to take charge of it. Upon what con- 
sideration should the court decide the question, and what circum- 
stances should control as to the disposition of the child ? 

A. The only consideration is, what is the best interest of the 
child? As a general rule, the father is entitled to the custody of 
the infant, all other facts being equal. Mercein v. People, 25 
Wend. 64. " It is the well settled law of this state, that in 
determining the custody of infants, between father and mother, 
their welfare, and not the supposed rights of the parents is the con- 
trolling principle." Perry v. Perry, 17 Misc. 28. 

Q. A, the father of B, an infant, meets C in the street. A tells 
C who had employed B without the consent of A, not to pay wages 
to B, but to himself, A. ' At the end of a month, C pays the wages 
to B. A sues C to recover the same amount again. Judgment 
for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for C ; the notice in order to be binding on the 
employer must be in writing, according to sec. 42 of the Dom. 
Rel. Law, which is as follows : " When a minor is in the employ of 
a person other than his parent or guardian, payment to such minor 
of his wages is valid, unless such parent or guardian notify the 
employer in writing within thirty days after the commencement of 
such service, that such wages are claimed by such parent or 
guardian, but whenever such notice is given at any time, payments 
to the minor shall not be valid for services rendered thereafter." 

Q. A, the son of B, works for C for six months. At the expira- 
tion of this time, the father learning of the employment, serves 
notice in writing on the employer, instructing him not to pay any 
more wages to the son. C does not heed the notice, and pays 
the wages as before. The parent subsequently brings suit for the 
wages that accrued after the serving of the notice. Q defends. 



184 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

claiming that the notice was not served in time. Judgment for 
whom and why? 

A. J udgment for the parent. " It was not the purpose of the legis- 
lature to prevent a parent from collecting the wages of a minor 
child, if he failed to give notice within the time specified (thirty- 
days). Subsequent notice would enable him to collect the infant's 
future earnings, but would not affect prior payments." McClurg 
V. McKercher, 40 St. Rep. 603. 

(Note. ) Where the father of a minor child who resides with his parents, neg- 
lects to serve upon the child's employers a notice that he claims the child's 
wages, the title to such wages vests in the child; and when the child, without 
objection on the part of the father, pays the wages to his mother, the latter 
obtains a valid title thereto. The father of a minor obtains no title to money 
acquired by a minor in the purchase and sale of property at a profit. Watson 
V. Kemp, 42 App. Div. 372. 

Q. A comes to you and says that he wishes to adopt B, the child 
of C, who was thirteen years of age. Both of B's parents are liv- 
ing. Whatsteps would you take to secure the adoption of the child in 
a legal manner ?. 

A. It is necessary to secure the consent of the child, and the 
consent of the parents. This practice is governed by sec. 61 of 
the Dom. Rel. Law of 1896, which is as follows : " Consent to adop- 
tion is necessary as follows : 1. Of the minor if over twelve years ; 
of the foster parent's husband or wife, unless lawfully separated, or 
unless they jointly adopt such minor ; 3. Of the parents or surviv- 
ing parent of a legitimate child, and of the mother of an illegiti- 
mate child ; but the consent of the parent who has abandoned the 
child, or is deprived of civil rights, or divorced because of his or 
her adultery or cruelty, or adjudged to be insane, or to be an ha- 
bitual drunkard, or is judicially deprived of the custody of the child 
on account of cruelty or neglect, is not necessary ; 4. Of a person of 
full age having lawful custody of the child, if any such person can 
be found, where the child has no father or mother living ; or no 
father or mother whose consent is necessary under the last subdivi- 
sion. If such child has no father or mother living, and no person 
can be found who has the lawful custody of the child, the judge 
or surrogate shall recite such facts in the order allowing the 
adoption." 

Q. A minor child was legally adopted by A and B, husband and 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 186 

wife. What are the rights and duties of the child with regard to 
its foster parents, and its natural parents ? From whom does it 
inherit, and to what extent ? ' 

A. This question is fully answered by sec. 64 of the Dom. Rel. 
Law of 1896, which is as follows : " Thereafter the parents of the 
minor are relieved from all parental duties towards, and of all re- 
sponsibility for and have no rights over such child, or of his property 
by descent or succession. The child takes the name of the foster 
parents. His rights of inheritance and succession from his nat- 
ural parents remain unaffected by such adoption. The foster par- 
ent or parents and the minor sustain toward each other the legal 
relation of parent and child, and have all the rights and are subject 
to all the duties of that relation, including the right of inheritance 
from each other, and such right of inheritance extends to the heirs 
and next of kin of the minor, and such heirs and next of kin shall 
be the same as if he were the legitimate child of the person adopted, 
but as respects the passing and limitations of real property and 
personal property dependent under the provisions of any instrument 
on the foster parent dying without heirs, the minor is not deemed 
the child of the foster parent, so as to defeat the rights of the 
remainder-man . ' ' 

Q. A, a female eighteen years of age, who is under the guardian- 
ship of B, marries C. A's estate in the hands of B amounts to 
$10,000. She now consults you as to her legal status. Advise 
her. 

A. The guardianship over the person ceases with the marriage 
of the female, but the guardianship over her property continues 
during her minority. '( ,•:.{}.■ 3>.(\-^*^5/V 

Q. A minor for whom a general guardian has not been appointed 
acquires real property. State the rule as to the several persons, 
in order, to whom the guardianship of his property, with the 
rights, powers and duties of a guardian in socage belongs. 

A. Sec. 50 of the Dom. Rel. Law, provides that guardianship 
in socage shall be given to the relatives in the following order. 
1. To the father. 2. If there be no father, to the mother. 3. If 
there be no father or mother, to the nearest and eldest relative of 
full age, not under any legal incapacity, and as between relatives 
of the same degree of consanguinity, males shall be preferred. 



186 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

Q. A, whose wife has been granted a divorce against him for 
his infidelity in this state, promises to marry B, an unmarried 
female. He subsequently refuses to do so, and B sues him for 
breach of promise. Can the action be maintained ? Give your 
reasons. 

A. No. " An action for the breach of the contract of marriage, 
between the parties in this state, cannot be maintained, where one 
of the parties was by law incapable of entering into the marriage 
relation at the time of making the contract. Where a divorce has 
been granted on the ground of the adultery of the husband, he 
cannot in this state, make a valid conti'act of marriage during the 
lifetime of the wife who obtained the divorce." Haviland v. Hal- 
stead, 34 N. Y. 643. An action in the nature of deceit, however, 
will lie. It was allowed in the case of Blattmacher v. Saal, 29 
Barb. 22, where it was said : " The parties are not in pari delicto, 
and the defendant must restore the plaintiff to what she has lost 
by his deceit, and his promise to do what he could not legally per- 
form. What he agreed to do was not an act illegal in itself. If 
it had been, no action could have been maintained. But he 
promised to do an act which it was unlawful for him to consum- 
mate with the plaintiff only because he was legally disqualified 
from doing it, and this was unknown t(J plaintiff." 

Q. A young lady nineteen years of age brings an action against 
a man of full age for breach of promise to marry. About the 
same time, she herself is sued for breach of promise of marriage 
bj' another man, also of full age. Will either action lie ? If so, 
which one ? 

A. Her action will lie,' while the action against her will not. 
" The contract to marry by an infant is not void ; but voidable at 
the election of the infant ; yet as to the person of full age con- 
tracting with the infant it absolutely binds ; hence an infant may 
maintain this action against an adult, but an adult not against an 
infant." Hunt v. Peake, 5 Cowen, 475. 

Q. Your client married a woman believing her to be chaste. 
There was no fraud on the part of the woman except concealment. 
It turned>out that the woman was a notorious prostitute, a fact 
which, if your client had known it, would have prevented his 
marriage with her. He consults you. What are his rights in the 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 187 

premises, and what remedy would you pursue for him under the 
circumstances ? 

A. He has no remedy ; the marriage cannot be annulled. " The 
fact concealed from a husband, that the wife before marriage had 
been a prostitute, and also had given birth to an illegitimate child, 
does not in itself constitute such fraud as will authorize an annul- 
ment of the marriage, for antenuptial unchastity is no ground for 

annulment." Shrady v. Logan, 17 Misc. 329., , . ". '^ ' ur , 

t V '• ■ 

Q. A girl sixteen years of age, while living with her parents, 
marries B,"who is twenty years of age, without the consent of her 
parents. The father of the girl brings an action against B to 
annul the marriage. B demurs on the ground that 1. The com- 
plaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action, 
and 2. That the father is not the proper party plaintiff. What is 
your opinion on each of these points ? Is the defense good ? Sup- 
pose B had brought the action, on the ground that A was only 
sixteen years of age at the time of the marriage. Could the action 
be maintained? 

A. B's demurrer should be overruled, for the age of consent is 
eighteen years for females as well as males under sec. 4 of the 
Dom. Rel. Law of 1896, and the father is the proper party to main- 
tain the action under sec. 1744, of the Code of Civ. Pro., which 
latter section prohibits B from bringing the action as he was above 
the age of legal consent. Sec. 1744, of the Code is as follows : 
" An action to annul a marriage, on the ground that one of the 
parties had not attained the age of legal consent, may be maintained 
by the infant, or by the guardian of the infant's person; or the 
court may allow the action to be maintained by any person, as 
the next friend of the infant. But a marriage shall not be annulled, 
at the suit of a party who was of the age of legal consent when it 
was contracted, or where it appears that the parties, for any time 
after they attain that age freely cohabited as husband and wife." 

Q. The defendant B is the father of the plaintiff A. When the 
plaintiff was sixteen years old, the defendant persuaded her to re- 
main at home and work for Mm promising to pay her for the work 
'done. Plaintiff who has just become of age demands the money, 
which is refused. She brings this suit for the amount. Defend- 
ant concedes the facts to be as stated, admits that plaintiff per- 



188 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

formed the work, but claims that she was bound to do so. What 
are the rights of the parties, and why ? 

A. The plaintiff cannot recover, as the defendant's promise was 
gratuitous. A father is entitled to the services of his minor daugh- 
ter until she attains the age of twenty-one years. As to such 
services therefore, there was no consideration for the defendant's 
promise. Bolton v. Terpenny, 14 Weekly Dig. 533. Of course 
if the infant is emancipated, a different rule prevails, for then as 
said by Earl, J., in Kain v. Larken, 131 N. Y. 300, " It is the un- 
doubted rule of law in this state, that a father may emancipate 
his minor child even by parol, and after such emancipation maj' 
make contracts with him, and become liable to pay him for wages." 

Q. A man is sued for necessaries furnished to his son by a 
stranger. Plaintiff proves that the infant was without necessary 
clothing, and that the clothing furnished by him for the infant was 
not unfitted to the infant's station in life. Plaintiff now rests, 
and asks for judgment on the facts proved. What should the 
judgment be ? 

A. Judgment for the defendant. The plaintiff in addition to 
the facts proved, should have shown that the father refused or 
neglected to furnish the necessary clothing. " Inasmuch as a 
parent is under a natural obligation to furnish necessaries for his 
infant children, if the parent neglect the duty, any person who sup- 
plies such necessaries is deemed to have conferred a benefit on the 
delinquent parent, for which the law raises an implied promise to 
pay on the part of the parent ; but in order to authorize any person 
to act for the parent in such a case, there must be a clear and pal- 
pable omission of duty in that respect on the part of the parent." 
Van Valkenburg v. Watson, 13 Johns. 430. 

Q. An infant who is living with his parent buys certain cloth- 
ing from a merchant. The clothing was necessary and suitable to 
the station in life of the infant. The goods were sold to the infant 
with the knowledge of the father. Can the merchant recover 
from the infant? 

' A. No. An infant who resides at home, under the care of a par- 
ent, and is supported by him, cannot bind himself for necessaries. 
Wailing v. Toll, 9 Johns. 141. " An infant is only liable for neces- 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 189 

saries, when he has no other means of obtaining them except by- 
pledge of his personal credit. If an infant is under the care of a 
parent or guardian, who has the means, and is willing to furnish 
what is actually necessary, he cannot, without the consent of such 
parent or guardian, make a binding contract for articles which 
under other circumstances would be necessaries." Kline v. L'Amo- 
reux, 2 Paige, 419. 

Q. An infant living apart from his father contracts certain 
debts for board and lodging. On his failure to pay he is sued, and 
interposes tlie defense of infancy. The cj-editor proves the debt, 
and then rests his case. Can he recover against the infant ? 

A. No. Hemust show that the father failed or refused to provide 
for the infant. " A father is bound by law to support his minor child, 
and board and lodging furnished by a third party to the child, in 
the absence of proof that the father has not the ability, or refuses 
to support him, do not constitute necessaries within the rule which 
renders an infant liable therefor." Goodman v. Alexander, 28 
App. Div. 227. This case was reversed by the court of appeals, 
but merely on a technical question of pleading. The rule of sub- 
stantive law laid down by the appellate division was not ques- 
tioned, as will be seen from the opinion of Parker, Ch. J. (Goodman 
V. Alexander, 165 N. Y. 289), which in part is as follows : " That 
the obligation i-ests upon a father or other person standing in loco 
parentis, who has the ability to do so, to suppoi't his infant chil- 
dren even though they have an estate of their own, and that there- 
fore one who furnishes board and lodging to infants so situated, 
cannot recover against them is well settled law." 

Q. A young man on his twentieth birthday, his father consent- 
ing, entered into a contract in writing with a merchant, to work as 
a clerk two years for the sum of $720, being at the rate of $30 per 
month, whicli was all that his services were reasonably worth. At 
. the end of the third month, the clerk quit work, refusing to per- 
form his contract. The clerk claims the salary agreed upon from 
the merchant for the time he worked ; the merchant claims dam- 
ages by way of recoupment for the avoidance of the contract. 
State fully the legal rights and remedies of the parties. Give 
your reasons. 

A. The infant can recover for the services actually rendered. 



190 DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 

The merchant cannot recover damages by way of recoupment. 
Where a party enters into a contract, and havmg performed part 
of it, without the consent of the master, voluntarily abandons fur- 
ther performance of it, he cannot maintain an action for the labor 
actually performed ; as the contract is entire, a full performance is 
necessary to plaintiff's right of action, and is a condition prece- 
dent. Jennings v. Camp, 13 Johns. 94. The case of infants is 
an exception to this rule. " In an action by an infant to recover 
for work and labor, it is neither a defense nor a ground for reduc- 
ing the damages, that the work was done under a contract by the 
infant to labor for the defendant for a fixed period of time, which 
he violated by leaving the defendant's employ without cause before 
the time expired." Whitmarsh v. Hall, 3 Denio, 375. 

Q. A, an infant, buys goods of B, at the same time representing 
that he is of full age. B sues for the purchase price of the goods. 
A sets up infancy as a defense. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. The fraud did not charge the infant with 
a legal liability on the contract of purchase, and as B seeks to 
enforce the contract, not to recover damages resulting from the 
fraud, he is not entitled to recover. Stud well v. Shapter, 54 N. Y. 
249. 

(Note.) " If an infant, by fraud, obtains property with no intention of pay- 
ing, though it be under a pretense of a contract of purchase, tlie defrauded 
party may recover. He does so, on the ground that there was no real contract, 
and he disaffirms the apparent contract. On the same ground those cases 
must stand, which have permitted a recovery for damages, when an infant, to 
obtain goods, has fraudulently pretended that he was of full age. On the same 
principle, if a party has been induced to purchase property from an infant, by 
the infant's fraud and misrepresentation, it would seem that he might, on dis- 
covering the fraud, disaffirm the contract, and return or offer to return the 
property, and thus put the infant in the position of a mere wrongdoer un- 
justly keeping what he had fraudulently obtained, and it would seem that the 
infant would then be liable in damages for tort. But where the aggrieved 
jjarty retains the benefit of the contract, he does not disaffirm it. His action 
thereon rests on the ground that he has made a contract, and it is necessary 
for his recovery that he should show that a binding contract has been made. 
Here then infancy becomes a defense. The defendant says there has been no 
binding contract, no action therefore lies for fraud in respect to the contract 
which he did not make. The alleged contract is the substantive ground of, or 
inducement to the cause of action, for if there was no contract, there could be 
no fraud in the making of it, and disproving the contract defeats the action." 
Hewitt V. Warren, 10 Hun, 560. 



DOMESTIC RELATIONS. 191 

Q. A, an infant eighteen years of age, conveys certain real es- 
tate to B, his father. He spends the money received from the sale, 
and on coming of age demands the property. Was the conveyance 
valid ? What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. The conveyance is voidable at the election of the infant, who 
can recover the property without restoring the consideration. 
" Where a son during infancy conveys real estate to his father, re- 
ceiving and expending or wasting the consideration therefor, before 
his arrival at full age, and has no other property with which to re- 
place it, he may disaffirm his deed after he arrives at full age, 
without restoring or offering to restore the consideration. Mere 
acquiescence by the son, without any affirmative act for three 
years after his arrival at full age, is not a ratification of the con- 
veyance." Green v. Green, 69 JN. Y. 653. 



192 EQUITY. 



CHAPTER XL 

Equity. 

Q. State three maxims of equity, and give a state of facts 
wherein one of them will apply. 

A. " He who seeks equity, must do equity. " He who comes 
into equity, must do so with clean hands." " Equity considers 
that as done which ought to have been done." An example is : 
Where one, on the due day of a mortgage, has tendered the amount 
of the mortgage to the mortgagee, and the latter has refused the 
same, if the mortgagor then goes into equity asking that the mort- 
gage be canceled of record, he cannot obtain relief unless he keeps 
the tender good. Now while it is not necessary that you continue 
a tender in force for the purpose of removing the lien of the mort- 
gage, yet if you desire affirmative relief in equity, as you do in 
this case, where you desire the mortgage to be canceled of record, 
equity says to you, you are asking our aid, you are coming into 
equity for affirmative relief, therefore you must do equity, and to 
do equity you must offer to pay that money here and now, by con- 
tinuing the tender which you originally made. See Tuthill v. 
Morris, 81 N. Y. 94. 

Q. A and B enter into an agreement in New York City, whereby 
B agrees to convey to A certain mining lands in California. B 
fails to deliver the deed on the day agreed upon. A brings suit 
in New York for specific performance. B defends on the ground 
that the court has no jurisdiction. Is the defense good? What 
maxim of equity is involved ? 

A. The defense must fail. The maxim involved is : " Equity 
acts in personam." It matters not where the "res," the subject 
matter of the contract is situated, so long as the person is within 
the jurisdiction of the court, equity can force him to specifically 
perform. The decrees of a court of equity command a person to 
do a certain act, and if he fails to do so, the court will imprison 



EQUITY. 193 

him for contempt. The court of equity, unlike a court of law, 
acts upon the person, and not upon the thing which is the subject 
matter of the contract. This principle has been very well settled, 
since the early and historic case of Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1 
Keener's Cases on Eq. Juris. 1, and is uniformly followed in this 
state. .. f, ,^,,^,.1, ■' t 

Q. An insolvent merchant executed a voluntary conveyance to 
his son. Afterwards having effected a compromise with his cred- 
itors, he requests the son to reconvey. What are the rights of the 
father and son ? What principle of equity is involved ? 

A. The father cannot force a reconveyance. The equitable 
maxim involved is : " He who comes into equity must do so with 
clean hands." Voluntary conveyances are effectual between the 
parties, and cannot be set aside by the grantor, although he after- 
wards becomes dissatisfied with the transaction. See Proseus v. 
Mclntyre, 5 Barb. 424. " A conveyance of land made in payment 
of a debt owing by the grantors, upon an understanding embodied 
in a contract executed by the parties immediately after the deliv- 
ery of the deed, that the land is to be reconveyed to the wives of 
the grantors upon the payment of the debt and interest, is fraud- 
ulent as against the creditors of the grantors. As between the 
parties themselves to the transaction, the deed is valid." Harris 
V. Osnowitz, 35 App. Div. 594. 
• 

Q. A and B are adjoining property owners, and agree not to 
build within forty feet of the street. A builds within forty feet 
of the street, B not raising any objection thereto. Subsequently B 
starts to build within forty feet of the street, and A comes to you 
for advice, and asks you if he can prevent B from so building. 
What would you tell him ? What equitable principle is involved ? 

A. A cannot prevent B from building, he having already violated 
the agreement by himself building within the prohibited distance. 
The maxim involved is : " He -vdio comes into equity, must do so 
with clean hands." 

Q. A began an action in equity to restrain by injunction pro- 
ceedings, a collection of f 1,000 taxes, |500 of which was illegally 
levied. What maxim of equity is involved in this transaction ? 
What condition should the court exact ? 
13 



194 EQUITY. 

A. The court should compel A to pay the $500 which was legally- 
levied, on the principle that " He who seeks equity must do equity." 
Having sought the affirmative aid of a court of equity, he must 
act equitably, that is, pay the amount which is justly due. 

Q. A gives a mortgage to B on his land, as security for the pay- 
ment of two promissory notes made by A, payable to B. One of 
the notes was given at a usurious rate of interest. A brings action 
in equity, seeking to have the mortgage canceled of record. Can 
the action be maintained ? If not, why not ? If so, what condition 
will the court impose before granting relief ? What equitable maxim 
applies ? 

A. Equity will compel A to pay the amount of the legal note, 
upon the principle that " He who seeks equity must do equity." 
" Where a mortgage has been given upon lands, in order to secure 
the payment of several promissory notes, a part of which notes are 
usurious, and a part of which are bona fide, although the mortgage 
is void, equity will require the plaintiff to do equity, by paying or 
tendering payment of the amount of the valid notes covered by the 
mortgage, before it will entertain a suit to cause the mortgage to 
be delivered up to be canceled as a cloud upon title." Williams 
V. Fitzhugh, 37 N. Y. 444. 

Q. A gives a mortgage on his farm for 110,000 ; the mortgage 
provides for a usurious rate of interest. A brings an action to set 
aside the mortgage on account of the usury. Can he maintain the 
action ? What condition, if any, will the court exact ? What 
maxim of equity arises ? 

A. A can maintain the action, and the court cannot impose any 
condition for granting relief. The maxim of equity which arises 
is : " He who seeks equity must do equity." In other jurisdictions, 
the borrower is compelled to repay the amount of the loan with 
legal interest as a condition for obtaining the relief. But in this 
state, the rule is different according to our Statute of Usury (Laws 
of 1837, chap. 430, sec. 13), which is as follows : " Whenever any 
borrower of goods, money, or thing in action, shall file a bill in chan- 
cei-y for relief or discovery, or both, against any violation of the 
provisions of the said title, or of this act, it shall not be necessary 
to pay or offer to pay any interest or principal on the sum or thing 
loaned ; nor shall any court of chancery require or compel the pay- 



EQUITY. 195 

ment or deposit of the principal sum or interest, or any portion 
thereof as a condition of granting relief, or compelling or discover- 
ing to the borrower in any case usurious loans forbidden by said 
title or by this act." The right granted by this section is, however, 
purely personal to the borrower. See AUerton v. Beld§i!tf 49 N. Y. 
373. " Buckingham v. Corning, 91 N. Y. 525. 

Q. A, who is in pressing need of money, tells B that if he will 
let him have 15,000, he will give him a mortgage on his real estate. 
B advances the f 5,000, but A refuses to give the mortgage. What 
are the rights of B ? 

A. B can sue to recover back the money loaned, or can compel 
A to execute a mortgage ; in the meantime he has a lien on the 
property by way of equitable mortgage. Where one party advances 
money to another, upon the faith of a verbal agreement by the lat- 
ter to secure the payment by a mortgage on certain lands, and the 
mortgage is not executed, or if executed, is so defective or in- 
formal, as not to effectuate the purpose of its execution, equity will 
impress upon the land a lien in favor of the creditor, upon the prin- 
ciple that " Equity regards that as done which ought to have been 
done." Sprague v. Cochran, 144 N. Y. 104. 

Q. A sells B a horse in the presence of C, who is the owner of 
the horse. C remains quiet at the time of the transaction, and 
subsequently sues B in replevin to recover the horse. Can the 
action be maintained? What equitable principle is involved? 

A. No, the action cannot be maintained. The principle involved 
is that of equitable estoppel, or estoppel in pais. C, having re- 
mained quiet when another was selling his property as his own, is 
estopped from setting up his title against the purchaser. The 
maxim that " He who has been silent, when in conscience he ought 
to have spoken, shall be debarred from speaking, when conscience 
requires him to be silent," applies in this case. See Hamlin v. 
Sears, 82 N. Y. 327. 

Q. A stood by and allowed B to sell and deliver as his own, 
A's wagon to C, of the value of f500 for cash. A said nothing. 
HjB had an opportunity to tell the facts, but did not do so. C knew 
that A owned the wagon at the time, but relied upon A's silence 
to give him title. B has spent the |500, and is insolvent. A de- 



196 BQtnTT. 

mands the wagon of C, and threatens to replevy it. C consults 
you. What would be your advice ? 

A. A can recover the wagon. The doctrine of equitable estoppel 
can have no application to a case, where a party was not deceived 
by the owner's silence. Here C, knowing that the title to the 
wagon was in A, was not misled by A's failure to speak, and there- 
fore cannot invoke the doctrine of equitable estoppel. See 11 
Am. & Eng. Ency. of Law (2d ed.), p. 442 et seq. 

Q. A dies, and by his will leaves certain real property to trus- 
tees, with directions to sell the same, and apply the proceeds to the 
use of B, his only son. B dies intestate. How should the prop- 
erty be distributed. What equitable principle is involved ? 

A. The property should be divided according to the Statute of 
Distribution of Personal Property. Equity, regarding that as done 
which ought to have been done, considers the real estate as personal 
property. It is an instance of the so-called doctrine of equitable 
conversion. 

Q. A owns two pieces of land. He was indebted to B. He 
secured his indebtedness to B by a mortgage covering both these 
tracts. He subsequently became indebted to C, and he secured 
that debt by a mortgage covering one of the tracts only. The first 
creditor, whose debt is secured by mortgage, goes to foreclose his 
mortgage, and seeks to satisfy his mortgage, first out of that lot 
upon which his mortgage and the mortgage of the other creditor 
are liens. C objects. What are his rights ? What principle of 
equity is involved ? 

A. The equitable doctrine of " marshalling assets " is involved 
in this case. Equity will compel B, who holds a mortgage on both 
lots as security, to exhaust his mortgage as against that lot not 
covered by C's mortgage, before resorting to the lot which is sub- 
ject to both mortgages. " The facts present a case, where the 
creditor has a lien upon two funds for the security of his debt, and 
another party has an interest in only one of the funds, without any 
right to resort to the other. In such a case, equity will compel 
the creditor to take his satisfaction out of the fund upon which he 
alone has an interest, so that both parties may if possible escape 
without injury." Ingalls v. Morgan, 10 N. Y. 178. 



EQUITY. 197 

Q. A owns certain lands. He gives two mortgages thereon, one 
to B, and one to C. C pays tlie first mortgage to B, has a satisfac- 
tion written upon it, and then talces it. C then brings an action 
to foreclose the first mortgage. A, the owner of the land, defends 
on the ground that C, having paid the first mortgage and taken a 
discharge of the same, thereby removed the lien from the land, 
and consequently cannot foreclose this mortgage. Judgment for 
whom and why ? What equitable doctrine is involved? 

A. Judgment for C. The equitable doctrine of " subrogation " 
applies in this case. Whenever to protect his own rights, one pays 
or satisfies a debt for which another is primarily liable, he is sub- 
rogated to the rights of the creditor, and may enforce against the 
person primarily liable, all securities, benefits, and advantages held 
by the creditor. In this case, C being a second mortgagee, his 
mortgage security was subsequent in lien to the first mortgage. 
When he paid the first mortgage, he was paying a debt which was 
a prior lien to the interest he had in the lands by reason of his sec- 
ond mortgage, and being in that position when he paid this first 
mortgage debt, he was entitled to succeed to all the securities for 
the enforcement of that debt which the first mortgagee had. The 
security for the enforcement of tliat debt held by the first mort- 
gagee was his mortgage, and consequently equity will permit C to 
succeed to that security, and will treat this transaction as in fact 
vesting in him by assignment the title to that first mortgage. That 
being so, he may maintain this action to foreclose the mortgage. 
Lewis V. Palmer, 28 N. Y. 271. 

Q. A mortgages three parcels of land to D ; later sells one parcel 
to B, another to C, and retains the third. Foreclosure proceedings 
are commenced, and B and C are made parties. C consults you 
as to his rights. What would you advise him to do, and what are 
his lights ? 

A. C has the right to have the lots decreed to be sold in the in- 
verse order of their alienation. Therefore, as one lot has not yet 
been conveyed, the title to it being still retained by the mortgagor, 
that lot must be sold first. The last conveyance was made to C, 
therefore his lot must be sold second. The third lot had previously 
thereto been conveyed to B, his lot therefore must be sold last. 
The rule is well settled in this state. See 87 N. Y. 114 ; 104 
N. Y. 393. 



198 '^ EQUITY. 

Q. A was the owner of a tract of land, divided into lots, which 
he sold to B, C, D, and E. In each deed there was a covenant 
running with the land, that the premises should not be used for 
any factory purposes. D leases his tract to a soap manufacturer, 
who begins work. Can he be enjoined from doing so ? 

A. Yes, for an equitable easement has been imposed upon the 
land. "Equitable easements are the rights, which neighboring 
owners of lots have, to enforce in equity restrictions as to the use 
or enjoyment of their property, which affect a number of lots in 
the same way, and were placed upon them all by one and the same 
grants." Trustees of Columbia College v. Lynch, 70 N. Y. 440, 
a leading case on the subject of equitable easements. 

(Note.) " A provision contained in a deed of one of three lots owned by a com- 
mon grantor, " that no building or edifice of any description whatsoever exceed- 
ing eight feet in height shall at any time hereafter be erected within thirty-two 
feet of the rear line of said two lots," not coupled with any reservation of the 
condition in favor of the heirs or assigns of the grantee, will in the absence of 
any words giving a right of re-entry for its breach, be construed as a mere per- 
sonal restriction for the benefit of the common grantor, especially where the 
history of the land, and the purpose to which the land has been devoted, show 
no necessity for its continuance, and the subsequent deeds of the property 
contain no mention of the conditions, and it appears that the persons who have 
owned the property regard the restriction as obsolete." Krekeler v. Aulbach, 
61 App. Div. 591. 

Q. A covenant in a deed prohibits the building of anything but 
a dwelling house on the land. Through several conveyances the 
land comes into the hands of B, who commences to erect a factory 
on the lot, claiming that the surroundings have so changed that it 
is a very unsuitable locatic. for a dwelling house. It is conceded 
in the agreed state of facts that the covenant runs with the land. 
Is B's contention good ? If so, why so ? If not, why not ? 

A. The contention is good ; for in such a case, equity will re- 
lieve the grantee from the restrictions imposed by the covenants. 
" Where the owner of lands in a city has laid it out into lots, 
which are sold to different purchasers, each conveyance containing 
covenants on the part of the grantee running with the land, re- 
stricting the use thereon to the purposes of a private residence, or 
prohibiting the erection thereon of certain specified structures, 
while a court of equity has power to enforce the performance of 
these covenants, the exercise of this authority is within its dis- 
cretion, and where there has been such a change in the character 



EQUITY. 199 

of the neighborhood as to defeat the object and purposes of the 
covenants, and to render it inequitable to deprive a grantee or his 
successors in title of the privilege of conforming liis property to 
that character, such relief will not be granted, and in lieu thereof 
damages will be allowed. The court in awarding damages is not 
confined to those sustained before the commencement of the ac- 
tion, but may award permanent damages ; but n^ust require the 
plaintiff, upon receipt of the damages awarded, to execute to the 
defendant a release of the covenant." Ammerman v. Deane, 132 
N. Y. 355. 

Q. The X Co., a telegraph corporation, with the consent of the 
highway commissioners, but without the consent of the property 
owners, placed their telegraph poles in a highway, the fee to 
which was in the adjoining property owners, subject to the usual 
right of the public in highways. A, an adjoining property owner, 
comes to you for advice. Is there any remedy for the owners, ; 
and if so what ? 

A. The owners have an action for damages, but usually no in- 
junction is granted in these cases. " An injunction to prevent 
the erection in the street in front of plaintiff's lot of an electric 
wire pole denied, because there was no evidence to show that if 
the defendant's work were allowed to proceed, any irreparable in- 
jury would be done, or any injury which could not be compensated 
by pecuniary payment, and upon the further ground, that if the 
injunction was allowed to stand, a public improvement would be 
obstructed for many months, which in the end might be allowed 
to proceed." Tracy v. R. R., 54 Hun, 550. 

Q. A is the owner of certain real estate. He remains out of 
possession for one year. During his absence B, claiming title, 
makes a deed conveying the property to C. C records the deed, 
and goes into possession. A, learning of these facts, brings an 
action against C to compel him to cancel the fraudulent deed of 
record, as being a cloud upon his title, and that the deed be de- 
livered up to him, and for further equitable relief. Can the action 
be maintained ? If so, why so ? If not, why not ? 

A. No. A should bring ejectment. It is held that a bill to 
remove a cloud upon title, can be maintained in this state, only 
where the plaintiff is in actual possession of the property. The 



7 



200 EQUITY. 

reason is, that where the defendant is in possession, plaintiff can 
bring ejectment, and thus test his title at law. Diefendorf v. Die- 
fendorf, 132 N. Y. 100. 

Q. A is the owner of, and in possession of, a certain tract of 
nd. B, a swindler, forges A's name to a deed of the property. 

|has a false certificate of acknowledgment added, and puts the 
deed on record, C, a confederate, being named as grantee. A 
brings action for the removal of the deed as a cloud upon his 
title. Can the action be maintained ? State your reasons. 

A. Yes. " When the law raises a presumption without direct 
proof of the validity of a conveyance, and its invalidity can only 
be made to appear by extrinsic evidence, a case is presented for 
the exercise of the jurisdiction of a court of equity, to compel the 
surrender and cancellation of a conveyance as a cloud upon title. 
Such is the case of a forged deed, which on the strength of a 
false certificate of acknowledgment, has been put on record." 
Remington Paper Co. v. O'Dougherty, 81 N. Y. 474. 

Q. A borrows flO,000 of B, and gives as security a deed of his 
house and lot. The deed was absolute on its face. The loan was 
to be returned in one year with interest. At the expiration of the 
year, A tendered to B $10,000, and the interest due, and demanded 
a reconveyance. B refused to reconvey, claiming that he had 
bought the land. What is the nature of the transaction between 
them ? State the remedy, if any. 

A. A can bring an action in equity to have the deed declared to 
be a mortgage. " The rule that a deed absolute on its face can, 
in equity, be shown by parol or other extrinsic evidence to have 
been intended as a mortgage, has been upon the fullest considera- 
tion deliberately established in this state, and will not be departed 
from." Horn v. Keteltas, 46 N. Y. 605. See also Coe v. Cassidy, 
72 N. Y. 133. 

Q. A sues B for trespass, claiming that B entered upon his prem- 
ises and polluted a well upon his land. B answers by general de- 
nial. A, on the trial, proves possession of, but not title to, the 
premises. B offered to prove title in another person. The court 
refused to receive the evidence. Should it have been admitted? 



EQUITY. 201 

What effect on the judgment would it have had, had it been re- 
ceived, and title to the premises proved to be in another person ? 

A. The evidence should not have been admitted. "An illegal 
possessor may maintain trespass for an entry upon him against all 
the world, except the rightful owner." Evertson v. Sutton, 5 
Wend. 281. " While it is true, that plaintiff might maintain an 
action of trespass, by showing actual possession and occupation 
alone, without alleging or proving title, yet under such allegation 
and proof, he could not recover for damages to the freehold." Tay- 
lor V. Wright, 36 App. Div. 568. It will be observed in the ques- 
tion put, the action was simply one of trespass, and not one for 
damages ; therefore if the evidence were admitted it would have 
no effect upon the judgment. 

Q. A contracts with B for twenty chests of tea. B delivers ten 
chests, and then refuses to perform as to the other ten chests, al- 
though it is within his power to do so. A brings action to compel 
B to specifically perform his contract. Can the action be main- 
tained ? State your reasons. 

A. No. A has an adequate remedy at law, in a suit for damages 
for a breach of the contract. The extraordinary equitable remedy 
of specific performance can only be invoked when the plaintiff has 
no adequate remedy at law. Philips v. Berger, 2 Barb. 608. 

Q. A agrees with B to sell certain real estate for $10,000, deed 
to be delivered, and payment made at a certain time. B signs an 
agreement which satisfies the Statute of Frauds. At the appointed 
time, A presents a good and sufficient deed, and demands the 
money. B refuses to perform his contract. Will equity decree 
specific performance? Substitute in the above case 110,000 worth 
of stock instead of the real property. What would your answer 
be? 

A. As to the real property, specific performance will be decreed 
on the principle of mutuality of remedies. An agreement to con- 
vey real property will always be specifically enforced, as there is no 
adequate remedy in a suit for damages at law, it being impossible 
to measure the damages with certainty, as each piece of real estate 
may have a peculiar value to the prospective purchaser, on account 
of' its location, etc. As the vendee can thus enforce specific per- 



202 EQUITY. 

formance, equity, applying the doctrine of mutuality of remedies, 
gives the vendor the same remedy, and allows him specific per- 
formance, when the vendee refuses to perform. See 57 N. Y. 219. 
As to the stock, there is an adequate remedy at law, as it can be 
purchased in open market, and the damages readily estimated; 
therefore specific performance should not be decreed, unless the 
stock could not easily pe p^rchased in th? market. Johnson v. 
Brooks, 93 N. Y. 337. / -.4 t fr' '^ ^'^^ ^-■■^'^ -^ ^1 ^^i^ 

Q. A buys a certain piece of land from B. Afterwards he 
brings an action for reformation of the deed, claiming that when 
he bought the property he supposed there were certain copper 
mines on the land, and would not have bought it if he had not 
supposed this. Will a court of equity grant him this relief ? If 
so, why so ? If not, why not ? State your reasons. 

A. A cannot procure the relief desired in the absence of fraud 
on the part of B, the mistake not being mutual. " In the absence 
of fraud, a party cannot obtain reformation of a contract, because 
it is not what he wanted it, but as the other intended it to be, nor 
because the effect proved different from what he supposed, when 
it was just what the other party supposed and intended it to be. 
There must be either mutual mistake, or mistake on one side, and 
fraud on the other." Curtis v.. Giles, 7 Misc. 590. 

Q. A sues to reform a contract, because at the time of making 
it, he was under such a mistake of fact as to have changed his 
whole intentions had he known the truth. Upon the trial both 
parties move for a verdict. Upon the facts alone stated above, 
who would have judgment ? Would any additional fact change 
the decision ? If so, what fact ? 

A. Upon the facts stated, judgment should be for the defend- 
ant, but if either mutual mistake, or mistake on the part of the 
plaintiff, and fraud on the part of the defendant be shown, then 
judgment must be for the plaintiff. " A mistake which will war- 
rant a court of equity to reform a written contract, must be a mis- 
take made by both parties, or by one by which his intentions have 
failed of expression, and with it fraud in the other in taking ad- 
vantage of the mistake, and obtaining a contract with the knowl- 
edge that the one dealing with him is in error in regard to its 
terms." Bryce v. Ins. Co., 55 N. Y. 240. 




EQUITY. 203 

. A, who is the financial agent of a corporation, has a volun- 
tary accounting with it. A signed an instrument acknowledging 
that he is indebted to it for a certain sum. Afterwards A brings 
an action in equity for the reformation of the instrument, and al- 
leges that at the time of the settlement he added the column, but 
did not examine the items, and that one of the items is wrong. He 
^ acknowledges that the corporation at the time of the settlement 
believed the instrument to be true. The corporation puts in a de- 
murrer. Judgment for whom, and why ? 

A. Judgment for the defendant, as the mistake here was not 
mutual, and there was no fraud on the part of the defendant. A 
party who seeks the reformation of an instrument on the ground 
of a mistake of fact, must establish by the clearest evidence that 
the mistake was mutual, that a different agreement was intended 
by the parties, and that fraud has been exercised by the other. 
Sternback v. Friedman, 23 Misc. 173. 

N^ Q. A buys a piece of land of B, and by mutual mistake part of 
the description in the deed was left out. Subsequently B sues A 
in ejectment, and A wishes to defend. A comes to you for advice. 
What are his rights ? How would you proceed to enforce them? 

A. The mistake being mutual, A can go into equity and obtain 
a reformation of the deed to accord with the intentions of the par- 
ties. He can then set this up as a defense to the ejectment suit. 
Paine v. Upton, 87 N. Y. 327. 

Q. A agrees to buy a house from B for $7,000. The deed is to 
be delivered the next day. A gives $1,000 to bind the bargain. 
B takes the money, and on the next day tenders the deed to A, 
who refuses to accept it, and to complete the purchase as agreed, 
at the same time demanding the return of his money. The agree- 
ment was verbal. B comes to you for advice. What are his 
rights ? 

A. B has the right to retain the fl,000, A having broken the 
contract. B, however, cannot secure specific performance, as the 
contract, not having been reduced to writing, is void. (Sec. 224 
of the Real Prop. Law of 1896.) Part payment is not sufficient 
to take the contract out the statute, and secure specific perform- 
ance. " It is a general rule that the mere payment of purchase 



204 EQUITY. 

money is not sufficient to authorize a judgment requiring specific 
performance of a verbal agreement for the sale of lands, except in 
a case where an action at law to recover the amount paid would 
not, under the circumstances, give the purchaser an adequate rem- 
edy. But where the purchase money has been paid, and possession 
under the contract has also been taken, the contract will be specifi- 
cally enforced." Pawling v. Pawling, 86 Hun, 502. 

Q. Your client placed in the hands of his agent $5,000 in cash, 
in trust, to be invested for him in bond and mortgage. Instead of 
doing so, the agent used the entire fund, except 8!l,000, in paying 
his personal debts. Thereafter he made an assignment for the 
benefit of his creditors. His estate to the amount of 110,000 
came into the hands of his assignee. Is your client entitled to 
a preference to the amount of his debt in the distribution of his 
assets ? 

A. No. The preference will only be allowed for the amount of 
the fund coming into the hands of the assignee, that is, f 1,000. 
" The trust fund, with the single exception mentioned, was mis- 
appropriated by W to the payment of his private debts prior to 
the assignment. It cannot be traced into the property in the 
hands of the assignee, for the plain reason that it is shown to 
have gone to the creditors of W in satisfaction of their debts. 
The court below seems to have proceeded upon a supposed equity 
springing from the circumstances, that by the application of the 
fund to the payment of Ws creditors, the assigned estate was re- 
lieved pro tanto from debts which otherwise would have been 
charged upon it, and that thereby the remaining creditors, if en- 
titled to distribution without regard to the petitioner's claim, will 
be benefited. We find this quite too vague an equity for judicial 
cognizance. The preference should be allowed, only to the extent 
of the trust fund coming into the hands of the assignee." Mat- 
ter of Gavin v. Gleason, 105 N. Y. 256. 



EVIBENOB. 205 



CHAPTER XII. 
Evidence. 

Q. What is meant by the term of "burden of proof?" A 
makes a contract for work, labor and services. Upon B's failure 
to pay, A brings suit against him. B answers denying any con- 
tract. Upon whom does the burden of proof rest? "Who has the 
right to open and close ? If B had answered admitting the con- 
tract but pleading payment, who would have the burden ? 

A. The term " burden of proof " is used in two senses, one as 
denoting the burden of establishing a given proposition, the other 
as denoting the burden of going forward in support of a given 
proposition. By tlie first is meant the duty of establishing one's 
case. The usual test given as to who has this dutj'- or burden is, 
that it rests upon the party against whom judgment would be 
given if no evidence were offered by either side. In the first ques- 
tion put, the burden of establishing is upon A, he affirming that 
there is a contract, and B denying the same. The burden of es- 
tablishing, and the right to open and close are coincident with 
each other. In the second case, B having admitted that there is a 
contract, -and setting up payment, an affirmative defense, there is 
no issue as to the contract, and hence B has the burden of estab- 
lishing payment, it being the only question in controversy. The 
burden of establishing never shifts, although the burden of going 
forward with evidence shifts from side to side, according as the 
weight of evidence preponderates. " Where the party having the 
burden of proof establishes a prima facie case, and no proof to the 
contrary is offered, he will prevail. Therefore the other party, if 
he would avoid the effect of such prima facie case, must produce 
evidence of equal or greater weight to balance and control it, or 
he will fail. Still the proof on both sides applies to the affirmative 
or negative of one and 0re same issue or proposition of fact ; and 
the party whose case requires the proof of that fact has all along 
the burden of proof. It does not shift, though the weight in either 



206 EVIDENCE. 

scale may at times preponderate. But where the party having the 
burden of proof, gives competent and prima facie evidence of a 
fact, and the adverse party, instead of producing proof which would 
go to negative the same proposition of fact, proposes to show 
another and a distinct proposition which avoids the effect of it, 
there the burden of proof shifts, and rests upon the party proposing 
to show the latter fact." Powers v. Russell, 13 Pick. 69. See also 
Thayer's Cas. on Ev., note on Burden of Proof. 

Q. A is on trial for murder. The judge in his charge to the 
jury instructs them, that the people must establish their case by a 
preponderance of evidence, and if they fail so to do, the prisoner 
must be acquitted ; that if the people establish the killing by the 
defendant, he must show that it was justifiable or excusable, or 
else be convicted of murder. What do you say to this charge ? 

A. The charge was clearly erroneous. While in civil cases, 
the plaintiff need only establish his case by a preponderance of 
evidence, yet in criminal cases, the duty is upon the people to es- 
tablish the guilt of the prisoner beyond a reasonable doubt. There 
is no legal implication from the fact of the killing. The burden 
of establishing rests upon the people throughout the trial ; it never 
shifts to the prisoner ; his only duty throughout is to raise a rea- 
sonable doubt. "The charge in this case ran counter to these 
rules, and was calculated to impress upon the jury a belief that 
proof of the homicide carried with it a legal implication of crime 
which shifted the burden of proof upon the prisoner, and required 
him to satisfy the jury, that the killing was either justifiable or 
excusable at the peril of a conviction if he should fail in his 
attempt. It is true, that while there is no legal implication of the 
crime of murder from the bare fact of a homicide, the jury may 
infer it as a fact, and may do so even though no motive is assigned 
for the act, and the case is bare of circumstances of explanation. 
But the inference is one of fact which the jury must draw, if such 
seems to be their duty, and not one of law which the court may 
impose upon their deliberations, and then upon that assumption, shift 
the burden upon the prisoner and require him to prove that in fact 
no crime has been committed. People v. Downs, 123 N. Y. 558. 
People V. Conroy, 97 N. Y. 77. 

Q. A is on trial for murder. He interposes the defense of in- 



EVIDENCE. 207 

sanity. The court instructs the jurj' that in order to acquit the 
prisoner, tlie evidence oifered on his part must satisfy tliem that 
he was insane at tlie time of the killing ; that he must prove in- 
sanity by a preponderance of evidence. A is convicted. He ap- 
peals on the ground that the charge was improper. Is the appeal 
good ? ' 

A. Yes. The prisoner has no duty to establish any defense, 
such as insanity, by a preponderance of evidence. The rule in 
criminal cases, that the defendant is entitled to the benefit of a rea- 
sonable doubt, applies not only to the case as made by the prosecu- 
tion, but to any defense interposed. It is true, that he has the 
burden of going forward with evidence of insanity, but not the 
burden of establishing the same. It is never incumbent upon the 
prosecution to give affirmative evidence of sanity in a particular 
case, yet the burden is upon it to establish beyond a reasonable 
doubt that the crime was committed by a sane person. Walter v. 
People, 32 N. Y. 147 ; People v. Riordan, 117 N. Y. 71. 

Q. A offers a will for probate. It is contested on the ground 
of the insanity of the testator. On whom is the burden of estab- 
lishing the sanity of the testator? On whom is the burden of go- 
ing forward with evidence on the question of sanity ? 

A. The burden of establishing that the will was the act of a 
competent testator is. upon the proponent. But as the law pre- 
sumes that every one is of sound mind, he is relieved by this pre- 
sumption from going forward with evidence. The proponent need 
only prove the due formal execution of the will, and then it is 
opened to the contestant to show incapacity, and to the proponent 
to offer affirmative proof of mental soundness in rebuttal. Taking 
the proceeding for probate as a whole, the proponent must through- 
out see to it that the preponderance of evidence is in favor of the 
presumption, and such as will satisfy the court in assuming the 
requisite soundness of mind. Tyler v. Gardiner, 35 N. Y. 559. 



k 



\Q,. A leaves home in 1890, and is not heard of for more than 
ten years. His property is claimed by both B and C. It becomes 
important for B to establish that A died in 1892. At the trial of 
an action for the possession of A's property, B offers evidence of 
A's unexplained absence, and rests. C moves for judgment. Judg- 
ment for whom and why ? 



208 EVIDENCE. 

A. Judgment for C. The rule is, that where a person goes 
abroad, and is not heard of for seven years, the law presumes the 
fact that such person is dead, but not that he died at the beginning 
or at the end of any particular period during those seven years ; 
that if it be important to any one to establish the precise time of 
such person's death, he must do so by evidence of some sort to be 
laid before the court for that purpose, beyond the mere lapse of 
seven years since such person was last heard of. The presumption 
of law relates only to the fact of death, and the time of death, 
whenever it is material, must be subject of distinct proof. If no 
sufficient facts are shown from which to draw a reasonable infer- 
ence, that death occurred before the lapse of seven years, the per- 
son will be accounted in all legal proceedings as having lived dur- 
ing that period. Eagle v. Emmett, 4 Bradfosd (N. Y.), 117. See 
also Matter of Davenport, 37 Misc. 455. 

C|j'Ar A, B, and C, husband, wife, and child, were stopping at a 
certain hotel which was destroyed by fire. They all three perished 
in the flames. On the trial of an action, it becomes material to 
prove that A, the husband, survived the others. The attorney for 
one of the parties contends that the husband, being the stronger 
survived, and offers no evidence. Is the contention valid ? State 
your reasons. 

A. No. There is no presumption of survivorship in this state, 
either that any one survived, or which one was the survivor 
" There is no legal presumption which courts are authorized to act 
upon, that there was a survivor, any more than that there was a 
particular survivor. It is not claimed that there is any legal pre- 
sumption that they died at the same time. Indeed it may be con- 
ceded, that it is unlikely, that they ceased to breathe precisely at 
the same instant, and as a physical fact, it may perhaps be inferred 
that they did not. But this does not come up to the standard of 
proof. The rule is, that the law will indulge in no presumption 
on the subject. It will not raise a presumption by balancing prob- 
abilities, either that there was a survivor, or who it was. . . . 
These expressions only mean that as the fact is incapable of proof, 
the one upon whom the onus lies, fails, and persons thus perish- 
ing must be deemed to have died at the same time for the pur- 
pose of disposing of their property." Church, Ch. J., in Newell v. 
Nichols, 75 N. Y. 78. 



EVIDENCE. 209 

Q. A sues an insurance company. On the trial of the action, 
the attorney for the company admits that B, whom A claims signed 
his policy, was the agent of the company. A recovers judgment, 
and the insurance company appeals. The judgment is reversed 
and a new trial ordered. On the new trial, the insurance company 
is represented by another attorney, and he objects to receiving the 
admission made on the first trial by the previous attorney for the 
company. The court overrules the objection. Was the ruling 
correct ? State your reasons. 

A. Yes. The admission was binding on the company through- 
out the litigation. "A written stipulation with respect to the 
facts in a case made by the parties or their attorneys for the pur- 
pose of evidence, if it is general and not expressly limited in re- 
spect to time, or confined in terms to some particular purpose or 
occasion, stands in the case for all purposes until the litigation is 
ended, unless the court upon application shall relieve either or 
both of the parties from its operation." Clason v. Baldwin, 152 
N. Y. 204. 

(Note.) "In oxirlaw, the term admission is usually applied to civil transac- 
tions, and to those matters of fact in criminal cases which do not involve 
criminal intent; the terra confession being generally restricted to acknowl- 
edgment of guilt. . . . We shall first consider the person whose admis- 
sions may be received. And here the general doctrine is, that the declara- 
tions of a party to the record, or of one identified in interest with him, are, as 
against such party, admissible in evidence." Greenleaf on Evidence, sees. 
169, 171. 

Q. A brings an action of trespass against B. On the trial of 
the action, B offers in evidence an admission of C, a former owner 
of the land, to the effect that B had certain rights therein, which 
would defeat A's action. The evidence was objected to. What 
should have been the ruling of the court ? 

A. The evidence was admissible. Declarations of former own- 
ers of real estate are admissible in evidence as against subsequent 
grantees, on the ground of identity of interest. Jackson v. Shear- 
man, 6 Johns. 19 ; Chadwick v. Pinner, 69 N. Y. 404. 

Q. A brought an action against B to recover the amount of a 
promissory note made by B payable to C's order. On the trial, 
certain declarations, alleged to have been made by C while he was 
14 



210 EVIDENCE. 

the owner of the note, were offered in evidence. Objected to. 
Should the objection be sustained ? State your reasons. 

A. Yes. The evidence is inadmissible. " It will be found, on 
an examination of most of them, that they do not sustain the doc- 
trine that the declai'ations of a prior holder of a note, or vendor of 
a chattel, are admissible in evidence as against a subsequent owner, 
who acquired title for a valuable consideration. It may, I think, 
be laid down as a general proposition, that the cases in which such 
evidence lias been held admissibly, are those only where the dec- 
larations were made by a party really in interest, or by one through 
whom the plaintiff claimed as privy through representation, as in 
cases of banki-uptcy, death and others of a similar character. 
Where the rule is applicable, there must, it is conceded, be an 
' identity of interest ' between the assignor and assignee. That 
relation appears to me to be based on the fact, that the rights 
of the assignor continue and are represented by the assignee. 
Where a person becomes a purchaser of a chose in action or a 
chattel for a valuable consideration, his rights are independent of 
the assignor and beyond his control. Although it may be neces- 
sary to found his title on a transfer, yet the mere proof of such 
transfer is evidence of his right. Personal property is frequently 
acquired by delivery merely. Possession alone is then prima facie 
evidence of title, and the rights of the possessor do not necessarily 
depend on the title of the person by whom the delivery was made, 
or from whom such possession was obtained." Lott, S., in Paige 
V. Cagwin, 7 Hill, 361. 

Q. When the will of A is offered for probate, it is contested by 
B on the ground of undue influence. B offers evidence to show 
that C, one of the legatees, made declarations to the effect that 
he, C, unduly influenced A in making the will. Thjs is objected 
to by the other legatees. What should be the ruling of the court ? 
Give reasons. 

A. The evidence is inadmissible. " It seems to me that the 
weight of authority is against the admissibility of the declarations 
of one party to affect the rights of another, unless such parties be 
j ointly interested , by which each party is authorized to speak and 
act for the whole, or there is proof of a combination, in which case, 
a conspirator may speak for all his confederates. But in the latter 



EVIDENCE. 211 

case, a conspirator, by his admissions or declarations, can only af- 
fect his co-conspirators, and if his admissions or declaration can- 
not but affect other parties, not confederated, sucli admissions or 
declarations should be excluded. This rule is based upon the 
most obvious principle of justice. Is there any good reason to be 
suggested why the rights of one party should be affected by the 
irresponsible admissions of another party with whom he chances to 
be associated as such, but upon whom he has conferred no author- 
ity to speak for him ? Such a principle would enable a party to 
deprive another of his legal rights without that other being able 
either to disprove the admissions, or by cross-examination to test 
their truth. It is true that the admissions of a party adverse to 
his interests are held admissible, because of the improbability of a 
person admitting a fact contrary to liis interest, unless such ad- 
missions be true, and there seems to be a propriety in holding such 
a party bound by his own admissions, but when the interests of an- 
other party intervene, that other party has the right to insist that 
they shall not be divested, except by the ordinary proof attested 
by the sanction of an oath, or by his own voluntary admissions." 
Calvin, S., in La Bau v. Vanderbilt, 3 Redf. (N. Y.) 384. 

Q. Father and son are standing together when plaintiff sells his 
goods. Nothing is said at the time of the responsibility of either. 
Plahitiff sues the father, and attempts to show that 1. The son 
is irresponsible ; 2. Father has paid debts of this kind for the son. 
Can he show both ? 

A. He cannot show either. " In an action where the question 
at issue was whether credit was given to the defendant or his son, 
evidence on the part of the plaintiff of the inability of the son 
was received under objection. Held error, that no fair inference 
could be drawn that defendant received the credit because he hap- 
pened to have the most property. So also the reception of evi- 
dence that defendant had paid debts of other persons against his 
son held error, as the fact of such payments were no evidence of a 
pi'omise to pay other debts." Green v. Disbrow, 56 N. Y. 334. 

Q. A sues B and C for a tort committed by them. At the trial, 
he offers in evidence an admission of B. C objects to its reception 
in evidence. What should be the ruling of the court ? State your 
reasons. 



212 EVIDENCE. 

A. The objection should be sustained, as the admissions of one 
joint tort feasor cannot be used against tlie other. The law does 
not recognize a sufficient identity of interest between them, to per- 
mit the admissions of one to bind the other. Carpenter v. Sheldon, 
5 Sandf. 77 ; Wilson v. O'Day, 5 Daly, 354. 

Q. A is arrested charged with having committed a murder. He 
makes a full confession to an officer who visits him in piison. On 
the trial it is offered in evidence against him. A's attorney ob- 
jects, claiming that it is not admissible as he was under arrest. It 
is conceded that the officer used no threats or promises to secure 
the confession. What should be the ruling of the court? 

A. The objection should be overruled. ^It is no ground for the 
exclusion of confessions of a prisoner charged with crime, that they 
were made while he was under arrest, if shown to have been made 
voluntarily, and without influences of promises or threats. People 
V. McGloin, 91 N. Y. 240 ; People v. Chapleau, 121 N. Y. 266. 
" By voluntary is meant proceeding from the spontaneous sug- 
gestion of the party's own mind, free from the influence of any ex- 
traneous disturbing cause." Selden, J., in People v. McMahon, 
15 N. Y. 384. Sec. 395 of the Code of Crim. Pro., governing the 
admissibility of confessions in criminal cases, is as follows : " A con- 
fession of a defendant, whether in the course of judicial proceed- 
ings or to a private person, can be given in evidence against him, 
unless made under the influence of fear produced bj' threats, or un- 
less made upon a stipulation of the district attorney that he shall 
not be prosecuted therefor ; but is not sufficient to warrant his con- 
viction without additional proof that the crime charged has been 
committed." 

Q. A coroner's inquest is being held to inquire into the cause of 
the death of A. B is subpoenaed as a witness and gives certain 
testimony. He is subsequently arrested and charged with having 
murdered A. On his trial, the district attorney attempts to intro- 
duce in evidence B's testimony given before the coroner. It is ob- 
jected to. What should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. The objection should be overruled, as the evidence is admis- 
sible. Where an inquest is held before it has been ascertained that 
a crime has been committed, or before any person has been arrested 
charged with the crime, and a witness is sworn before a coroner's 



EVIDENCE. 213 

jury, the testimony, though the witness be afterwards charged with 
the crime, may be used against him on his trial, notwithstanding 
the fact, tliat at the time of his examination he was aware a crime 
was committed, and that he was suspected of being the criminal. 
If he desires protection, he must claim his privilege. It would 
have been different if he had been arrested before being taken be- 
fore the coroner ; in such case, the evidence given by him could 
not be used against him on his trial for the crime. People v. Mon- 
don, 10.3 N. Y. 211. 

Q. A brings action against the 'X company to recover damages 
for personal injuries caused by defendant's negligence, in providing 
an unsafe and defective machine whereby he was injured. At the 
trial, A's attorney offers evidence to show that three days after 
the accident the company made certain repairs to the machine. 
The evidence is objected to. What should be the ruling of the 
court? 

A. The objection should be sustained. It is well settled in this 
state that such evidence is incompetent, because the taking of 
such precautions against the future is not to be construed as an 
admission of responsibility for the past, has no legitimate tendency 
to prove that the defendant had been negligent before the accident 
happened, and is calculated to distract the minds of the jury from 
the real issue, and to create a prejudice against the defendant. 
" Such evidence has no tendency whatever, we think, to show that 
the machine or structure was not previously in a reasonably safe 
and perfect condition, or that the defendant ought in the exercise of 
reasonable care and diligence, to have made it more perfect, safe 
and secure. While such evidence has no legitimate bearing upon 
the defendant's negligence or knowledge, its natural tendency is 
undoubtedly to prejudice and influence the minds of the jury." 
Earl, J., in Corcoran v. Village of Peekskill, 108 N. Y. 151. 

Q. A is injured by falling on the sidewalk in front of B's house. 
The sidewalk was out of repair and in a dangerous condition. A 
brings action against B to recover damages for the injuries sus- 
tained. B answers denying any liability, claiming that he was 
under no duty to repair the sidewalk. At the trial, A introduces 
evidence to show that shortly after the accident B made certain I 
repairs to the sidewalk, by replacing the broken stone with a new 



214 EVIDENCE. 

one. This evidence is objected to. Should the objection be sus- 
tained? 

A. No. The evidence should be admitted. " The evidence to 
the effect that the defendant replaced the worn-out stone was ad- 
missible to show that the defendant had control over the sidewalk." 
Bateman v. R. R., 47 Hun, 429 ; Sprague v. City of Rochester, 52 
App. Div. 53. 

Q. A question arises in condemnation proceedings as to the 
value of a certain piece of prop^ty owned by A. A offers to prove 
what had been paid for a similar piece of property situated in the 
same neighborhood. This is objected to. What should be the 
ruling of the court ? 

A. The objection should be sustained. " The reasons assigned 
for the conclusions reached in the cases cited are in the main : That 
the test in legal proceedings is, what is the present market value 
of the property which is the subject of the controversy ? It may 
be shown bj' the testimony of competent witnesses, and on cross- 
examination, for the purpose of testing their knowledge respecting 
the market value of land in that vicinity, they may be asked to 
name such sales of property, and the prices paid therefor, as have 
come to their attention. But a party may not establish the value 
of his land by showing what was paid for another parcel similarly 
situated, because it operates to give to the agreement of the 
grantor and grantee the effect of evidence by them that the con- 
sideration for the conveyance was the market value, without giv- 
ing to the opposite party the benefit of cross-examination to show 
that one or both were mistaken. If some evidence of value, then 
prima facie a case may be made out so far as the question of dam- 
age is concerned by proof of a single sale, and thus the agreement 
of me parties, which may have been the result of necessity or ca- 
price, would be evidence of market value of land similarly situated, 
and become a standard by which to measure the value of land in 
controversy. This would lead to an attempt by the opposing party 
to show, first, the dissimilarity of the two parcels of land ; and, 
second, the circumstances surrounding the parties which induced 
the conveyance. Thus each transaction in real estate, claimed to 
be similarly situated, might present two side issues which could be 
made the subject of as vigorous contention as the main issue, and 



EVTDEKCE. 215 

if the transactions were numerous it would result in unduly pro- 
longing the trial, and unnecessarily confusing the issues, with the 
added disadvantage of rendering preparation for trial difficult. 
Value of property having a recognized market value, such as num- 
ber one wheat and corn, may of course be proven by showing the 
marlcet prices, but the value of property which is dependent upon lo- 
cality, adaptability for a particular use, as well as the use made of 
property immediately adjoining, may not be shown by evidence of 
the price paid for similar property." Parker, J., in Petition of 
Hubert Thompson, 127 N. Y. 463. 

/V Q. 4- brings action against a municipality to recover damages 
for personal injuries sustained, caused by A tripping and falling 
over an obstacle in the walk. Is the testimony of others that they 
at or about the same time tripped over the same obstacle, compe- 
tent? 

A. The evidence is admissible. Evidence to show the happen- 
ing of a similar accident at the same place is admissible to show 
that the street was unsafe, and also to show knowledge on the part 
of the city. The frequency of accidents at a particular place would 
seem to be good evidence of its dangerous character, at least it is 
some evidence to that effect. Besides this, as publicity was neces- 
sarily given to the accidents, they also tended to show that the 
dangerous character of the locality was brought to the attention ,pf 
the city authorities. Quinlan v. City of Utica, t|J4-SL_jl^ 603'; 
Magee v. City of Troy, 48 Hun, 383, aff'd 119 N. Y. 640. 

Q. A railroad company is sued by a brakeman who received an 
injury. The complaint sets forth that the injury >vas caused by 
the neglect of tlie company to place in operation upon its road, an 
improved switch, which was in use upon a few roads. Defendarit 
offers evidence to show that the switch used by it was in general 
use on other roads. Is the evidence admissible ? 

A. Yes. " Such evidence tends to show that the switch is such 
as a reasonably prudent person, exercising reasonable diligence, 
would properly consider safe for the purposes for which it was 
designed." Frace v. R. R., 143 N. Y. 182. See also McGrell v. 
Buffalo Co., 153 N. Y. 265. 

Q. A's house catches fire and is consumed. A sues the X rail- 



2l6 fiVIDBNCfi. 

road company, claiming that the fire was caused by sparks which 
escaped from one of its engines. A shows by evidence that the 
fire could not have originated from any other cause, and then at- 
tempts to prove that passing locomotives of the X company have, 
on other occasions, caused fires in the neighborhood by scattering 
sparks, and also that they have repeatedly scattered sparks, though 
no actual fire was thereby caused. The counsel for the road objects 
to the admission of this evidence. What should be the ruling of 
the court? 

A. The evidence is admissible as tending to prove the possibility 
that some locomotive caused the fire, and as tending to show a 
negligent habit of the officers and agents of the railroad company. 
" The business of running the trains on a railroad supposes a unity 
of management and a general similarity in the fashion of the engines 
and the character of the operations. I think, therefore, it is com- 
petent prima facie evidence for a person seeking to establish the 
responsibility of the company for a burning upon the track of the 
road, after refuting every other probable cause of the fire, to show 
that about the time it happened, the trains which the company was 
running past the location of the fire were so managed, in respect to 
the furnaces, as to be likely to set on fire objects not more remote 
than the property burned." Denio, Ch. J. in Sheldon v. R. R., 14 
N. Y. 218. See also Field v. R. R., 32 N. Y. 339. 

Q. B is the acceptor of a bill in which the payee named is a 
fictitious person. Can it be shown in an action brought by him 
that he has accepted similar paper containing the name of a fictitious 
p^yee, upon the question of bona fides ? 

A. Yes. The evidence is admissible as tending to show that he 
knew that the payee was a fictitious person. The fact of knowl- 
edge may be established by circumstantial evidence, even where it 
is necessary to show actual knowledge, and for this purpose evi- 
dence of previous transactions is competent. See Abbott's Trial 
Brief on Ev. p. 445. 

Q. B is on trial for receiving stolen property. He offers evi- 
dence to show that when A brought the property to him, A told 
him where and from whom he bought it, when he bought it, and 
the p_rice he had paid for it. Is the evidence admissible ? 



■feVIDENCE. 217 

A. The evidence is admissible, as sliowing how the defendant] 
came by the property, and was competent upon the issue of guiltyl 
knowledge. As it was material to prove that he received the goods 
with knowledge that they were stolen, evidence to show that he 
received them under circumstances wliich would negative this 
knowledge was relevant. People v. Dowllng, 84 N. Y. 478. 

Q. A is on trial for obtaining goods under false pretenses, and 
with fraudulent intent. He is asked by the attorney " What was 
your intent? " The district attorney objects to the admissibility 
of the evidence. Should the objection be sustained ? 

A. No. " A party' when charged with an intent to deceive, or 
cheat or defraud, has a right to testify as a witness in his own be- 
half, that he did not intend to cheat, deceive, or defraud in the • 
transaction wherein he is cliarged witli having had such motive, 
leaving the weight due to his evidence to be determined by the 
jury." Pope v. Hart, 35 Barb. 630. 

nC Q. A is on trial for receiving stolen goods from B with the knowl- 
eatge that they were stolen. Evidence is offered to prove the re- 
ceipt of similar goods at about the same time frpm B. A's attor- 
ney objects. What should be the ruling of^the court ? 

A. The objection must be sustaine^.^'rocause there is nothing to 
show that the goods were stolen,/femn the same person and by the 
same thief. " Upon the trktm an indictment for receiving stolen 
goods, it is not competej>*ior the prosecution to show for the pur- 
pose of proving kno;^dge, that the accused has received other 
property, from oth^ persons, knowing the same to have been stolen. 
In order that ttie evidence is admissible, the articles must have 
been stolen from the same person and delivered to the receiver by ; 
the same thief." Coleman v. People, 55 N. Y. 81. " Upon the 
trial of an indictment for receiving stolen property, knowing it to ' 
have been stolen, evidence that the accused has frequently received'*' 
similar articles of property under like circumstances from the same 
thief, stolen from the same person or place, knowing that they were 
stolen, is proper upon the question of guilty knowledge." Capper- 
man V. People, 56 N. Y. 591. 

Q. A is indicted for burglary. Upon the trial the prosecuting 
attorney offers evidence to prove the general bad character of A. 



218 EVIDENCE. 

An exception is taken to the ruling, admitting the testimony. Is 
the exception well taken? 

A. The exception is well taken, as the prisoner here does not 
appear to have offered evidence of his own good character before 
the attempt of the prosecution to introduce evidence of his bad 
character. " The character of a prisoner cannot be attacked, unless 
he has himself put his character in issue by introducing evidence 
of his good character. It is only after the defendant has opened 
the door as to his character, that the prosecuting attorney wiU be 
permitted to give evidence of the bad character of the accused." 
People v. White, 14 Wend. 111. 

Q. Three witnesses testified upon the former trial of the same 
action. Of these witnesses one is dead, one insane, and the other 
has forgotten the facts. How would you proceed to get the testi- 
mony before the court, if it is aidmissible ? 

A. The evidence of the one that is dead, and the evidence of the 
one that is insane, can be read at the new trial from the stenog- 
rapher's minutes, but the evidence of the one that has forgotten 
the facts cannot be read in evidence. This is provided for by 
sec. 830 of the Code of Civ. Pro., which is as follows : " Where a 
party or witness has died or become insane since the trial of an 
action, or the hearing upon the merits of a special proceeding, the 
testimony of the decedent, or insane person, or of any person who 
is rendered incompetent by the provisions of the last section, taken 
or read in evidence at the former trial or hearing, may be given or 
read in evidence at a new trial or hearing, or upon any subsequent 
trial or hearing of the same subject matter in an action or special 
proceeding between the same parties who were parties to such 
former trial or hearing, or their legal representatives by either party 
to such new trial or hearing or to such subsequent action or spe- 
cial proceeding, subject to any other legal objection to the com- 
petency of the witness, or to any other legal objection to his tes- 
timony or any question put to him. The original stenographic 
notes, of such testimony taken by a stenographer who has since 
died or become incompetent may be so read in evidence by any 
person whose competency to read the same accurately is established 
to the satisfaction of the court or officer presiding at the trial of 
such action or special proceeding." 



EVIDENCE. 219 

Q. In an action by A against B, B defaults, but A appears. An 
inquest is taken, A being sworn as a witness and giving testimony 
in his own behalf. B subsequently makes a motion to have the 
default opened, which is granted ; but before the retrial of the 
cause A dies. His personal representatives continue the action, 
and seek to have A's testimony given at the inquest read from the 
minutes. B's attorney objects. What should be the ruling of the 
court ? 

A. The objection should be overruled. The evidence was com- 
petent under sec. 830 of the Code of Civ. Pro., and as the defend- 
ant had the power to appear and cross-examine, his failure to do 
so was a waiver of that right. Bradley v. Mirick, 91 N. Y. 293. 

Q. A man was killed in a railroad accident. On the trial of an 
action by his personal representatives for damages, the plaintiff 
offered to prove dying declarations of the deceased as to the man- : 
ner of his injuries. These declarations were made about two days 
after the accident. The attorney of the railroad company objects 
to the admission of this evidence. What should be the ruling of 
the court? State your reasons. 

A. The objection should be sustained. The declarations hav- ■. 
ing been made after the accident are not part of the res gestae, and ) 
therefore inadmissible. " Even dying declarations are not received 
in civil actions unless part of the res gestae. Such declarations 
made in the immediate preseiice of death, under the most solemn 
circumstances, when all motive to pervert the truth may be sup- 
posed to have ceased to operate, are received only in trials for 
homicide of the declarant in cases where the death of the deceased 
isthe subject ot thecharge, and the circumstances of the death 
areTihe subject of the dying declarations. It is said that the rea- 
sons for thus restricting the rule may be, that credit is not in all 
cases due to the declarations of a dying person, for his body may 
survive the power of his mind ; or his recollection, if his senses 
are not impaired, may not be perfect ; or for the sake of ease, and 
to be rid of the importunity and annoj^ance of those around him, 
he may say, or seem to say, whatever they may choose to suggest. 
The rule admitting dying declarations as thus restricted stands 
only upon the ground of the public necessity of preserving the 
lives of the community by bringing manslayers to justice." Earl, J., 
in Waldele v. R. R., 95 N. Y. 274. 



220 evideJtcB. 

Q. When as a general rule are dying declarations admissible in 
evidence ? Why are they admitted, and on what ground ? What 
circumstances are essential to their admission ? 

A. Dying declarations are not admissible in civil cases, but only 
in criminal cases of homicide. " Such evidence is admissible, in 
cases of homicide, only where the death of the deceased is the sub- 
Iject of the charge, and the circumstances of the death are the sub- 
I ject of the dying declarations." Grover, J., in People v. Davis, 56 
N. Y. 95. The declarant must be shown to the satisfaction of the 
judge, to have been in actual danger of death, and to have given 
up all hope of recovery at the time when the declaration is made. 
The slightest hope of recovery excludes the declaration. The 
sense of impending death is deemed equivalent to the sanction of 
an oath. The person offering the declarations in evidence must 
show that they were made under the sense of impending death. 
The declarations are admissible when made within a reasonable 
time after the commission of the crime. In some cases one month 
has been held to be a reasonable time. Brotherton v. People, 75 
N. Y. 159 ; People v. Smith, 104 N. Y. 191. 

Q. A is found mortally wounded. B, who assists him to regain 
consciousness, asks him who inflicted the injuries upon him. A 
answers, " I think it was C." C is subsequently arrested and tried 
for A's murder. Upon his trial, the district attorney attempts to 
put in evidence the dying declarations of A. C's attorney objects. 
What should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. The objection should be sustained. The evidence is inad- 
missible. "Upon trials for murder, declarations of the deceased 
made when in extremis, which are not statements of fact which a 

(living witness would have been permitted to testify to, but are 
merely expressions of belief and suspicions are not admissible." 
People V. Shaw, 63 N. Y. 36. 

Q. A witness testifies to an ante-mortem statement made by the 
deceased. The judge allows the' same. Admitting the ruling to 
be correct, is the following charge to the jury sustainable on ap- 
peal? "This testimony should be given the greatest weight that 
the law can attach to any evidence, for it is the best evidence." 

A. The charge was clearly erroneous and cannot be sustained 



EVIDENCE. 221 

on appeal. " While dying declarations when admitted in evidence 
are entitled to be considered as having the weight of an oath, they 
are not of the same value and weight as the direct evidence of a 
witness subject to cross-examination, and whose demeanor, when 
upon the stand, is open to the observation of the jury. An instruc- 
tion, therefore, that such a declaration should be given all the sanc- 
tion of evidence which the law can give to any evidence, is revers- 
ible error." People v. Kraft, 148 N. Y. 631. 

Q. It was important for the plaintiff in an action of ejectment to 
establish the date of the marriage of A and Bj,bothjiOf whom were 
lost at sea thirty years before. Plaintiff claimed to be the legiti- 
mate son of A and B. He offered to show by C, that C had heard 
the mother of B say about ten years before, that her daughter was 
married to A on the date claimed by the plaintiff. The mother 
has since died. The evidence was objected to as incompetent and 
hearsay. How did the court rule and on what theory ? 

A. The evidence was admissible as a pedigree statement, as the 
question involved in this case is a purely genealogical one, i. e., 
descent and relationship. " It seems to me that they are compe- 
tent as hearsay evidence in a case of pedigree. Such a case is a 
well known and recognized exception to the general rnle exclud- 
ing hearsay evidence. This case (action of ejectment by one claim- 
ing to be a legitimate son) involves without doubt a question of 
pedigree simply. It is what is termed in the books a purely gen- 
ealogical controversy. . . . The exception regarding the admission 
of hearsay evidence in case of pedigree is not confined to ancient 
facts, but extends also to matters of pedigree which have recently 
transpired ; and the hearsay as to deceased witnesses is admitted 
as to facts which have occurred in the presence of living witnesses. 
Matters of pedigree consist of descent and/ relationship, evidence 
of declarations of particular facts, such as births, marriages, and 
deaths. . . . Upon questions of pedigree, i. e., in a controversy 
merely genealogical, hearsay evidence is allowed as to the time of 
the birth of a certain party, as to a marriage, death, legitimacy, or 
the reverse, consanguinity generally, and particular degrees thereof, 
and of affinity. The term ' pedigree ' says Greenleiif, embraces 
not only descent and relationship, but also the fact of birth, mar- 
riage, and death, and the times when these events happen, and the 
rule permits hearsay evidence of the declarations of deceased mem- 



222 EVIDENCE. 

bers of the family upon these points in any case involving pedigree. 
. . . As to what is a case of pedigree, an examination of the ques- 
tion shows that a case is not necessarily one of that kind, because 
it may involve questions of birth, parentage, age, or relationship, 
'where these questions are merely incidentaL and the judgment 
will simply establish a debt, or a person's liability on a contract, 
or his proper settlement as a pauper, and things of that nature, the 
case is not one of pedigree, although questions of marriage, death, 
or birth, are incidentally inquired." Peckham, J., in Eisenlord v. 
Clam, 126 N. Y. 552. Of course the declaration to be admissi- 
ble must be made before the existence of a controversy in regard 
thereto Cante litem motftm), and by a member of the family. See 
Young V. Shulenberg, 165 N. Y. 385. 

Q. Upon a certain trial for abduction, it becomes necessary and 
material to prove the age of the female abducted. For the purpose 
of proving the girl's age, the district attorney offers in evidence a 
family bible containing entries of births. Counsel for the prisoner 
objects to this testimony. Is the evidence admissible ? 

A. Yes. Although this is not a question of pedigree, as there is 
no genealogical controversj', the evidence is nevertheless admissible 
under sec. 19 of the Penal Code, which in part is as follows: 
" Whenever in any legal proceedings it becomes necessary to deter- 
mine the age of a child, the child may be produced for personal in- 
spection, to enable the magistrate, court, or jury, to determine the 
age thereby ; and the court or magistrate may direct an examina- 
tion by one or more physicians, whose opinion shall also be compe- 
tent evidence upon the question of age. A copy of the record of 
baptism of any child in any parish register, or register kept in a 
church, or by a clergyman thereof, or a certificate of baptism duly 
authenticated by the person in charge of such register, or who ad- 
ministered said baptism, and also a transcript of the record of birth 
recorded in any bureau of vital statistics or board of health duly 
authenticated by its secretary or under its seal, and the entries made 
in a family bible shall also be competent evidence upon the question 
of the age." 

Q. A, a butcher, sues B for the value of certain meat furnished 
by him to B and his family. It was proved by several witnesses 
that A had been in the daily practice of supplying B's family with 



EVIDENCE. ZZo 

meat during the period for which lie claimed payment. It was 
proved by some of those who dealt with him, that he kept honest 
accounts. He then offered his books of account in evidence, it ap- 
pearing that he employed no clerk. The admission of the books in 
evidence was objected to, but the objection was overruled. An 
exception was taken, and the case now comes up on appeal. What 
should be the decision of the appellate court? 

A. The evidence was properly admitted. " They are not evi- 
dence in the case of a single charge, because there exists, in such 
case, no regular dealing between the parties. They ought not to 
be admitted where there are several charges, unless a foundation is 
first laid for their admission, by proving that the party had no 
clerk, that some of the articles charged have been delivered, that 
the books produced are the account books of the party, and that he 
keeps fair and honest accounts, and this by those who have dealt 
and settled witli him." Vosburgh v. Thayer, 12 Johns. 461 . This 
case represents the so-called shop book rule of this state. 

(IS'OTK. ) "The rule which prevails in this state, that the books of a trades- 
man or other person engaged in business containing items of account, kept in 
tlie ordinary course of book account, are admissible in favor of the person 
keeping them against the party against whom the charges are made, after cer- 
tain preliminary facts are shown, has no application to the case of books or I 
entries relating to cash items or dealings between the parties. This qualifica- 
tion of the rule was recognized in tlie earliest decisions of this state, and has 
been maintained by the courts with general uniformity. It stands upon clear 
reasons. The rule admitting account books of a party in his own favor in any 
case, was a departure from the ordinary rules of evidence. It was founded 
upon a supposed necessity, and was intended for cases of small traders who 
kept no clerks, and was confined to transactions in the ordinary course of buy- 
ing and selling or the rendition of services. In these cases some protection 
against fraudulent entries afforded in the publicity which to a greater or less 
extent attends the manual transfer of tangible articles of property or the ren- 
dition of services, and the knowledge which third persons may have in the 
transactions to which the entries j-elate. But the same necessity does not ex- 
ist in relation to cash transactions. They are usually evidenced by notes or 
writings or vouchers in the hands of the party paying or advancing the money." 
Andrews, J., in Smith v. Kentz, 131 N. Y. 169. 

Q. A witness is called to prove a payment to plaintiff. He is 
unable to recall that he has made such payment. On looking up 
an entry which he made, and which he testifies to be correct, he 
says his memory is refreshed, and he now remembers the pay- 
ment, to which he testifies,, positively. The entry is then offered 
in evidence. Is it admissible ? 



224 EVIDENCE. 

1 A. No. " It is indispensable to the admission in evidence of a 

1 memorandum made by a witness at the time of the making of an 

I alleged agreement, that it be shown that the witness has no rec- 

'ollection of the matter stated therein independent of the written 

\paper. If he has such recollection, the entry is not admissible." 

Meacham v. Pell, 51 Barb. 65. . ^ 

(JSTOTE.) "la an action for conversion of personal property consisting of 
many items, a witness who has made a list of all the items and their values, 
and who is able to testify that all the articles named were taken and were of 
the value stated, may aid his memory while testifying, by such lists, and iijay 
use it to enable him to state the items; after he has testified tli6 iist^may be 
put in evidence, not as proving anything of itself, but as a detailed statement 
of the items testified to." Howard v. McDonough, 77 N. Y. 592. 

Q. On the trial of an action a witness is caUed to prove a 
certain payment; he is unable to recall the fact that he made 
one. He is shown an entry which states the payment and the 
date tliereof. He testifies that his memory is not refreshed, but 
that he had acknowledged the fact when he made the entiy, and 
that the entry records correctl}^ what he then knew to be true. 
Is the entry admissible in evidence ? ^ 

A. Yes. " In Halsey v. Sinsebaugh, 15 N. Y. 4S5, the question 
whether a memorandum, made at or about the time when the 
event or transaction mentioned in it took place, and where the 
author swears that he knows it to have been correct when made, 
can be read to the jury in connection with the oral testimony of 
the witness, or whether the evidence is confined to what the wit- 
ness is able to recollect after refreshing his memory by referring 
to the memorandum come up for decision in this court. And it 
was held to be admissible. The paper did not fall within the 
rule as an entry made in the course of business, like the memoranda 
and entries made by clerks in banks and the like ; and it was not 
placed on that footing in the opinion of the court. On the con- 
trary. Judge Selden, by whom the opinion was prepared, took 
pains to say that he did not consider the case of siich memorandum 
as the one then in question, was governed by any particular rule, 
but that the general question was presented, whether a memoran- 
dum, that is, any memorandum made and sworn to in the manner 
stated, would be admissible. The whole of the reasoning of the 
opinion, and the cases relied upon, sustain the position as a gen- 
eral one, applicable to every species of memorandum, and not 



EVIDENCE. 225 

restricted to the routine entries referred to." Denio, J., in Guy v. 

Mead, 22 N. Y. 483-. . .. v ,6 

Q. A is a foreman, and B is a bookkeeper of the X corporation. 
The X corporation sues C for goods sold and delivered. At the 
trial, entries in the books of the corporation are offered in evidence, 
and by way of foundation A is called as a witness. He swears 
that he does not remember the transactions, but that he always re- 
ported correctly to B each day, the bills of goods made and de- 
livered. B is then called, and swears that he does not remember 
the transactions, but that he always entered the reports of A cor- 
rectly in the books. Are the entries admissible ? 

A. Yes. " Where a party testifies that he made certain entries 
in a book, in accordance with statements made to him by others, 
and such others testify that the facts were correctly given to him, 
and that he entered them, such evidence is admissible. An entry 
is not incompetent evidence because of its being of a fact not within 
the personal knowledge of the party making it. It is enough if it 
appears that such entry rests upon knowledge and not hearsay, and 
is proved to have been correctly made." Payne v. Hodge, 7 Hun, 
171, aff'd 71 N. Y. 598. 

(Note.) " We are of opinion that the rule as to the admissibility of mem- 
oranda may properly be extended so as to embrace the case before us. Tlie 
case is of an account kept in the ordinary course of business, of laborers em- 
ployed in the prosecution of the work, based upon daily reports of foremen 
who had charge of the men, and who, in accordance with their duty, reported 
the time to another subordinate of the same common master, but of a higher 
grade, who in turn, also in accordance with his duty, entered the time as re- 
ported. We think entries so made, witli the evidence of the foremen that they 
made true reports, and of the person who made the entries that he correctly 
entered them, are admissible. It is substantially by this method of accounts, 
that business transactions iu numerous cases are authenticated, and business 
could not be carried on, and accounts kept in many cases, without great incon. 
venience, unless this method of keeping and proving accounts is sanctioned. 
In a business where many laborers are employed, the accounts must, in most 
cases, of necessity, be kept by a person not personally cognizable of the facts, 
— and from reports made by others. . . . We are of opinion, however, 
that it is a proper qualification of the rule admitting such evidence, that the 
account must have been made in the ordinary course of business, and that it 
should not be extended so as to admit a mere private memorandum not made 
in pursuance of any duty owing by the person making it, or when made upon 
information, derived from another who made the communication casually and 
voluntarily, and not under the sanction of duty or other obligation." An- 
drews, J., in Mayor, etc., v. Second Ave. R. K., 102 N. Y. 572. 

15 



^26 EVIDENCE. 

Q-. A, a locomotive engineer was killed by the derailing of the 
locomotive, caused by a defective rail. A physician who attended 
the decedent about an hour after the accident, testified that the 
decedent, who had been insensible, upon regaining consciousness 
exclaimed : " My head ! My head ! " Being interrogated further, 
the physician testified as to certain things' told him by the engineer 
at the time which would prevent the plaintiff from succeeding in 
the action. Plaintiff objects. Is the objection good? How far 
good, if good at all ? 

A. The exclamations having been made an hour after the acci- 
dent are clearly inadmissible as a part of the res gestae, but are admis- 
sible as declarations as to the state of health or bodily feeling. 
" In actions to recover damages for alleged negligence causing a 
personal injury, declarations of the party injured made some time 
after the injury, simply to the effect that he is suffering pain, when 
not made to a physician for the purpose of professional attendance, 
are not competent. The rule is different as to groans, screams, or 
exclamations indicative of pain." Roche v. R. R., 105 N. Y. 294. 
As to the subsequent statements made by the engineer, they are also 
admissible, and the physician is not precluded from testifying, the 
statements not being privileged communications. " The prohibi- 
tion in sec. 834 of the Code of Civ. Pro., relating to communications 
between physicians and patients, extends only to such communica- 
tions as are necessary to enable the physician to act in his profes- 
sional capacity, and does not extend to admissions made by the 
patient, of facts which have no possible relation to the profes- 
sional conduct of the physician." DeJong v. R. R., 43 App. Div. 
427. 

Q. At the probate of a lost or destroyed will, a witness swears 
that he was present when the decedent took a paper, declared it 
to be his will, stated its contents, and that because his son had 
acted in a certain way he would destroy it. He thereupon took 
the paper and threw it into the fire, while the witness was looking 
on. His testimony is objected to. Shall the objection be sustained ? 

A. No. The evidence is admissible, as the declarations accom- 
panied the act, and were a part of the res gestae. " I consider these 
cases as establishing the doctrine that upon a question of revoca- 
tion no declarations of the testator are admissible except such as 
accompany the act by which the will is revoked ; such declarations 



EVIDENCE. LAW^tli, 

being received as a part of the res gestse, and for the purpose of 
showing the intent of the act. . . . The fact to be proven in such 
cases is, the act claimed as a revocation, together with the intent 
with which it was done ; and all declarations of the testator which 
do not accompany the act are to be regarded as mere hearsay, and 
should be treated as such." Selden, J., in Waterman v. Whitney, 
11 N. Y. 157. 

Q. The probate of the will of A is contested by his son B on 
the ground of the insanity of A. Evidence is offered at the trial 
of the declarations of A made two months after the execution of 
the will, and stating the contents of the will to be different than 
its original contents. The evidence is objected to. What should 
be the ruling of the court, if admissible at all, how, and for what 
purpose ? 

A. The evidence is admissible for the purpose of showing the 
mental condition of the testator at the time of the execution of the 
will. " Here, as in that case, the offer was to prove declarations 
of the testator, stating the contents of the will to be entirely dif- 
ferent from what they were in fact ; and these declarations were 
offered in connection with other evidence bearing upon the com- 
petency of the testator at and before the execution of the will. If 
evidence of the mental condition of the testator after the execution 
of the will is admissible in any case, as to his capacity when the 
will was executed, and the competency of such proof seems to be 
sustained by many authorities and contradicted by none, then it 
is clear that the testimony offered here should have been admitted. 
It does not follow from this, that evidence of this nature is nec- 
essarily to be received however remote it may be in point of time 
from the execution of the will. The object of the evidence is to 
show the mental state of the testator at the time when the will was 
executed." Selden, J., in Waterman v. Whitney, supra, a leading 
case. 

Q. A was duly authorized by B, as his agent, to purchase of C 
a quantity of furniture for him, B. A purchased the same, and it 
was duly delivered to B, who became insolvent before it was paid 
for. C replevied the goods claiming title. B defended denying 
plaintiff's title. On the trial, C testified that the goods were sold 
on sixty days' credit, and that it was verbally agreed between him- 



228 EVIDENCE. 

self and A at the time of the sale, that title should remain in him, 
C, until the furniture was paid for. C was then allowed to prove, 
over the defendant's objection, as a part of his case, that about a 
month after the sale and delivery, A stated to X that he had agreed 
with C at the time of the purchase, that title should remain in him 
until the furniture was paid for. Was the evidence competent or 
otherwise ? State your reasons and the rule. 

A. The evidence was incompetent and should have been excluded. 
" Evidence of declarations of an agent made to a third party as to 
the nature of a past transaction is inadmissible against his principal. 
The fullest authority to an agent to contract confers no power to 
bind the principal by subsequent declarations as to what the con- 
tract was. The declarations in order to be admissible must be a 
part of the res gestse. Wood & Co. v. Pierson, 46 St. Rep. 70. 

Q. A tells his servant to sell his wagon. The servant repre- 
sents the wagon to be a " Brewster " make. The servant said to a 
witness: "John Doe (buyer) thinks he has bought a Brewster 
wagon, but he has not," referring to the wagon sold. This con- 
versation took place about an hour after the sale. The buyer sues 
A and wants to introduce this testimony of the witness as to the 
servant's declarations to show that the article sold was not what 
it was represented. Is this admissible ? 

A. No. The evidence was not admissible, as it consisted of dec- . 
larations of an agent made when not engaged in the business of 
his agency, and so not binding upon his principal. The declara- 
tions of an agent, in order to bind his principal, must be made, not 
only during the continuance of the agency, but at the very time of 
the transaction in question, and so forming part of the res gestae. 
Anderson v. R. R., 54 N. Y. 334 ; White v. MHler, 71 N. Y. 118. 

\^Q. A is run over by a street car and injured. He brings an ac- 
tion on the ground of negligence of the motorman, and also claims 
that the brakes were out of repair. On the trial, he was allowed 
\ to prove by the testimony of a bystander, that just as the car 
I stopped, and while he. A, was under it, the motorman in response 
to a question said he coyld not reverse the brake, and that was 
why he could not stop. Was the evidence admissible, and if so, 
why? , 

A. The evidence is admissible as a part of the res gestae, as the 



EVIDEKCk 229 

declaration was,jmade at the time of the act, and formed'part of it.'/t 
Luby V. R. R., 17 N. Y. 131. See also Whitaker v. R.^R., 51 N. ' 
Y.JaD^ where a declaration made immediately after the car had 
passed the scene of the accident was held inadmissible. 

Q. A brings action to recover damages for alleged negligence, 
causing the death of E, his son. At the trial, the plaintiff offers in 
evidence certain statements made by B thirty minutes after the 
accident. Objected to. Is the evidence admissible? State the 
rule. 

A. The evidence is not admissible, as the declarations were not 
part of the res gestae, having been made after the accident. "The 
claim that the declaration can be treated as part of the res gestae is 
not supported by authority in this state. The res gestae, speaking 
generally, was the accident. These declarations were no part of 
that, . . . were not made at the same time, or so nearly contem- 
poraneous with it as to characterize it, or throw auy light upon it. 
They are purely narrative, giving an account of a transaction not 
partly past, but wholly past and completed. They depend for 
their truth wholly upon the accuracy and reliability of the deceased, 
and the veracity of the witness who testifies to them. Notliing 
was then transpiring or evident to any witness which could con- 
firm the declarations, or by which upon cross-examination of the 
witness testifying, or by the examination of other witnesses the 
truth of the declarations could be tested." Earl, J., in Waldele v. 
R. R., 95 N. Y. 274, the leading case upon the subject. 

Q. A sues the N. Y. C. R. R. Co. for injuries sustained by the 
closing of the gate upon him by the brakeman on the train. At 
the trial, he offers in evidence the reply of the brakeman to the 
exclamation of pain made by him (A) when he was hurt. This is 
objected to. Is the objection good ? 

A. The objection should be sustained, as the remarks of the 
/brakeman were not a part of the res gestae. The exclamation must 
\\)& part of the principal fact, and so part of the act itself. ) But 
here the act was co mplete before the remark of the brakeman was 
made, although closely connected with it, in point of time, it was 
not one naturally accompanying the act, or calculated to unfold its 
character or quality, and therefore not admissible as part, of the 
res gestae. If declarations of third persons are not in their nature 



230 EVIDENCE. 

a part of the fact, they are not admissible in evidence, however 
closely related in point of time. Butler v. R. R., 143 N. Y. 417. 

Q. A was on trial for murder. The district attorney asks an 
expert the following question : " Having heard all the testimony 
adduced in this case, what is your opinion as to the sanity of the 
defendant when he committed the crime?" The defense of insan- 
ity had been interposed. The question was objected to. Is the 
objection sustainable ? 

A. The objection is good ; the question was improper. " The 
witness was thus permitted to take into consideration all the evi- 
dence in the case given upon a long trial extending over nine days, 
and upon so much of it as he could recollect, determine for him- 
self the credibility of the witnesses, the probability or improba- 
bility of their statements, and drawing therefrom such inferences 
as in his judgment were warranted by it, pronounce upon the 
sanity or insanity of the defendant. It cannot be questioned, but 
that the witness was by the question put in the place of the jury, 
and was allowed to determine upon his own judgment what their 
verdict ought to be in the case. We think it is not competent in 
any case to predicate a hypothetical question to an expert upon all 
the evidence in the case, whether he has heard it all or not, upon 
tlie assumption that he then recollects it, for it would then be im- 
possible to determine the facts upon which the witness bases his 
opinion, and whether such facts were proved or not." Ruger, Ch. J. 
in People v. McElvaine, 121 N. Y. 250. 

(Note on Expert Testimony.) " It Is not sufficient to warrant the intro- 
duction of expert evidence, tliat the witness may know more of the subject of 
inquiry and may better comprehend and appreciate it than the jury; but the 
f subject must be one relating to some trade, profession, science or art, in which 
persons instructed by study or experience, may be supposed to have more skill 
and knowledge than jurors of average intelligence may be presumed to have." 
Earl, J., in Ferguson v. Hubbell, 97 N. Y. 507. 

Q. A sues B. On the trial, A's attorney asks C, a witness of 
B's, as to the whereabouts of a letter written to B by A. C an- 
swers that he does not know where it is. A's attorney thereupon 
attempts to introduce parol evidence of the letter. B's attorney 
objects. Is the objection good ? State the rule. 

A. The objection is good. The rule is, that where a writing is 
in the possession of the adverse party, he must be notified to pro- 



EVIDENCE. 231 

duce it at the trial, and it is only upon his failure or refusal to do 
so, that parol evidence of its contents is admissible. While the 
notice to produce is generally written, yet a verbal notice given in 
court is sufficient where the paper is in court at the time. In the 
question put, the paper having been in the possession of the ad- 
verse party, and not being proved to be in court, a notice to pro- 
duce was necessary before secondary evidence could be given. 
Kerr v. McGuire, 28 N. Y. 446. 

Q. Upon the trial of an action, the plaintiff's attorney produces 
a paper upon notice from his opponent. The latter inspects the 
same, but refuses to put it in evidence. Can he be compelled to 
do so or not ? 

A. No. A party is not bound to read a paper in evidence, sim- 
ply because it was produced by the opposite party on the trial at 
his request and was inspected by him. Carradine v. Hotchkiss, 
120 N. Y. 608. 

Q. A sues B, and on the trial B's attorney offers in evidence 
pages one and two of a four page letter written by A to B. A's 
attorney objects. What should be the ruling of the court ? What 
rights has A ? 

A. The objection should be overruled, but A has the right to 
offer the rest of the letter in evidence. " The introduction by 
one party of a part of a conversation or writing in evidence, ren- j 
ders admissible on the other side so much of the remainder as ■ 
tends to explain or qualif}' what has been received, and that is to \ 
be deemed a qualification which rebuts and destroys the inference j 
to be drawn from, or the use to be made of, the portion put in evi- 
dence." Grattan v. Ins. Co., 92 N. Y. 274. 

Y\Q,- a goes to the X bank, and makes an agreement with the 
president to make a special deposit for one year, of §1,000, and in 
a conversation with the president, it is agreed that he shall receive 
6 ^ interest for that term. He deposits the money, and a certifi- 
cate is given him in the following form : 

11,000. Oct. 1st, 1896. 

Deposited this day with the X bank by A, one thousand dollars, 
payable one year from this date on presentation of this certificate. 

(Signed) B, cashier. 



232 iaviDENCE. 

At the end of the year A presents the certificate, and demands 
his $1,000 with interest. The bank refuses to pay the interest, 
but tenders the |1,000. A sues for |1,000 with interest. Upon 
the trial he offers to prove the conversation with the president. 
Objection is made. What should be the ruling of the court ? No 
question is raised as to the power of the president to make the ar- 
rangement for interest. 

r^ A. The objection should be overruled. The evidence offered 
does not contradict or vary the terms of the instrument, but merely 
introduces a separate collateral agreement. The so-called parol 
evidence rule, that oral evidence is not admissible to vary or 
contradict the terms of a written instrument, is not violated by 
proof of the subsequent promise, Read v. Bank of Attica, 55 
Hun, 154. (Sfr-MJU* fi{»>vi w>M '^tA^.f^*- /v *k4 \tt*^ ja^Mv/r »^ 

Q. In an instrument partly written and partly printed, there is 
a repugnancy between the written and the printed parts. Which 
will prevail ? 

A. The written parts will prevail. In the interpretation of an 
instrument of which a portion is printed and a portion written, 
greater weight will be given to the written than to the printed 
words, when they are in conflict and tend to different results. 
Clark V. Woodruff, 83 N. Y. 513. 

Q. A makes a contract with B, to build him a house with the 
agreement that the contractor is not to sub-let any of the work. 
B sub-lets a portion of the work, and afterwards sues A on the 
contract. A, on the trial, puts in evidence the agreement to show 
that B had no right to sub-let. B claims that there was a parol 
agreement before the instrument was signed that a portion might 
be sub-let, and offers evidence of the same. Is it admissible? 
State the rule. 

A. The evidence is not admissible, as to allow it would be to 
vary and contradict the terms of the written instrument. The 
general rule requires the rejection of parol evidence, when offered 
to cut down or take away obligations entered into between par- 
ties, and by them put into writing. Potter v. Hopkins, 25 Wend. 
417. 



K« 



Q. A gives B a deed, and subsequently a dispute arises between 



EVIDENCE. 233 

the parties in regard thereto. A claims that there was an oral 
agreement under which^ the deed_was deliverad, and on the trial of 
an action between the parties, offers evidence to prove the same. 
Is the evidence admissible ? 

A. Yes. This is not an attempt to vary the terms of a deed, and 
therefore does not violate the parol evidence rule ; it merely proves 
a collateral separate agreement under which it was delivered, and 
is not inconsistent with the terms of the deed. Van Brunt v. Day, 
81 N. Y. 251. 

Q. A brings an action on a deed which recites a consideration 
of f 10,000. At the trial he offers to prove that the consideration 
was not in fact $10,000, but $5,000, and the good will of a certain 
business, and that the sum was not paid. The attorney for the 
other side objects to the evidence. Is it admissible ? 

A. Yes. An acknowledgment of payment in the consideration 
clause of a deed does not conclude the grantor. In an action to 
recover the purchase price, he may show the actual consideration, 
that it was not paid, and the time when and the manner in which 
it was to be paid. Hebbard v. Haughian, 70 N. Y. 54. 

Q. A agrees by a valid contract in writing, to sell B, thirty 
days from date, a certain pump called a pulsometer pump for 
$800, payment to be made on delivery, the pump to be used to 
pump water from a mine. The pump was delivered and paid for. 
B tried the pump, but it did not Avork satisfactorily, and brings 
suit against A for breach of an oral warranty that the pump 
would throw water to the surface from the bottom of a shaft 
fifty-five feet deep. On the trial, B offered evidence of this parol 
warranty made by A at the time the contract was made. A's 
counsel objects to the proof of the warranty. Is the evidence ad- 
missible, if so, why ? 

A. The evidence is admissible. The rule prohibiting the re- 
ception of parol evidence varying or modifying a written agree- 
ment, does not apply where the original contract was verbal and 
entire, and a part only was reduced to writing, nor does it apply 
to a collateral undertaking ; these facts are always open to inquiry 
and may be proved by parol. Here the evidence was merely to 
prove a collateral separate agreement, a warranty, which is not 



234 EVIDENCE. 

contradicting the terms of the instrument. " If the fitness of the 
machine is implied, the guaranty is in harmony with it, and adds 
nothing; if it is not implied, the paper contains no declaration, 
that the machine shall be taken with all faults and insufficiencies, 
or at the defendant's risk. The parol evidence therefore contra- 
dicts no terms of the writing, nor varies it." Chapin v. Dobson 
78 N. Y. 74. ■^ UAJ- io ^f-^^^i *^ li~Mjw.tf-^^ (iM^ f ? fh^i- If,, ^fg- 

Q. On the trial of A for larceny, B is called as a witness. 
Upon cross-examination, B is asked if he has ever been convicted 
of burglary. He answers that he has not. How may the district 
attorney contradict him, if at all ? Give the general rule. 

A. B can be contradicted either by cross-examination or by the 
record. The question in this case is fully answered by sec. 832 of 
the Code of Civ. Pro., which is as follows : " A person who has been 
convicted of a crime or misdemeanor is, notwithstanding, a com- 
petent witness in a civil or criminal action or special proceeding ; 
but the conviction may be proved for the purpose of affecting the 
weight of his testimony, either by the record, or by his cross-ex- 
amination, upon which he must answer any question relevant to 
that inquiry ; and the party cross-examining him is not concluded 
by his answer to such a question." 

Q. A, who is a witness upon a certain trial, is asked on cross- 
examination whether he has ever been arrested for larceny. The 
question is objected to. What should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. The objection should be sustained. This question was im- 
proper, as the arrest was consistent with innocence; it is only 
allowable in impeaching the credibility of witnesses on cross- 
examination to prove their conviction of a crime. People v. 
Crapo, 76 N. Y. 288. 

Q. A, a witness, upon the trial of an action brought bj^ B 
, against C, is asked by B's attorney whether he has been in state's 
I prison. The question is objected to. Is the objection good? 

I A. The objection should be overruled. V Being in a state's 
! prison presupposes a conviction of a crime^ and therefore the 
' question is admissible in order to impeach the credibility of the 
witness. People v. Irving, 95 N. Y. 277. 



EVIDBKCE. 235 

Q. A is on trial for murder. He talies the stand as a witness 
iirhis own behalf. The district attorney asks him if he did not 
commit burglary three years before in the house of M. A an- 
swered no. The district attorney then attempted to prove by 
other witnesses, that A had committed the burglary which ho 
denied having committed. A's attorney objects to tliis. Tiae 
court overrules his objection. Is the ruling sustainable on 
appeal ? 

A. The ruling cannot be sustained on appeal. This evidence 
is inadmissible, because the cross-examination as to the burglary 
of M's house was collateral, and it is familiar law that the people 
are bound by the answers of a defendant given on cross-examina- 
tion, and they cannot afterwards call witnesses to contradict himi 
in reference to such answers. People v. Greenwall, 108 N. Y. 
296. This same rule applies to the like answers of any witnesses. 
If they deny having committed a crime, their answers cannot be 
contradicted. Stokes v. People, 53 N. Y. 175. Q^^k^-c^sk. V^., (^i, 

Q. A teUs B's attorney that he saw C sign a certain deed on a 
certain day. Subsequently on the trial of an action of B against 
C, it becomes material to prove that C signed the deed. A is 
called as a witness, and testifies that the deed was signed on that 
day, but by D. B's attorney thereupon asks A, whether he did 
not previous to the trial tell him, the attorney, that C had signed 
the deed. The question was objected to on the ground tliat he 
was impeaching the credibility of his own witness. What should 
be the ruling of the court? State your reasons. 

A. The objection should be overruled. " The further question 
has frequently arisen whether the party calling the witness should, 
upon being taken by surprise by unexpected testimony, be permit- 
ted to interrogate the witness in respect to his own previous dec- 
larations, inconsistent with his evidence. We are of opinion that 
such questions may be asked of the witness for the purpose of 
proving his recollection, recalling to his mind the statements he 
lias previously made, and drawing out an explanation of his ap- 
parent inconsistencies. This course of examination may result in 
satisfying the witness that he has fallen into error, and that his 
original statements were correct, and it is calculated to elicit the 
truth. It is also proper for the purpose of showing the circum- 



236 EVIDENCE. 

stances which induced the party to call him. Though the answers 
of the witness may involve him in contradictions calculated to im- 
pair his credibility, that is not a sufficient reason for excluding the 
inquiry. Proof by other witnesses that his statements are incor- 
rect would have the same effect, yet the admissibility of such proof 
cannot be questioned. It is only evidence offered for the mere 
purpose of impeaching the credibility of the witness which is inad- 
missible when offered by the party calling him. Inquiries calcu- 
lated to elicit the facts, or to show to the witness that he is mis- 
taken, and to induce him to correct his evidence, should not be 
excluded simply because they may result unfavorably to his cred- 
ibility. In case he should deny having made previous statements 
inconsistent with his testimony, we do not think it would be proper 
to allow such statements to be proved by other witnesses ; but 
where the question as to such statements are confined to the wit- 
ness himself, we think they are admissible." Rapallo, J., in Bul- 
lard v. Pearsall, 53 N. Y. 230. 

A and B have some difficulty and call on C, an attorney, 
an(J by his advice effect a settlement. A subsequently sues B for 
failure to keep and perform his contract of settlement. A sub- 
pcEnas the attorney, C, for the purpose of showing the terms of the 
agreement. The attorney refuses to answer on the ground that he 
is prohibited from disclosing a professional communication. Is the 
testimony of the witness privileged ? 

A. No. " All communications made by a client to his counsel 
with a view to professional advice or assistance are privileged, 
whether such advice relates to a proceeding or suit pending or con- 
templated, or any other matte i' proper for such advice or aid ; but 
communicatious made in the presence of all parties to the contro- 
veriy are not privileged." Britton v. Lorenz, 45 N. Y. 51. '*-8 **, 

(Note.) Sec. 835 of the Code of Civ. Pro., relating to privileged communica- 
tions, provides as follows: "An attorney or oounselor-at-law shall not be al- 
lowed to disclose a communication made by his client to him, or his advice 
given thereon, in the course of his professional employment, nor shall any 
I clerk, stenographer or other person employed by such attorney or counselor 
be allowed to disclose any such communication or advice given tKereon." 

Q. A contest has arisen over a will. It is alleged thM undue 
influence has been used. The proponents offer to prove by the 
draftsman of the will, who is an attorney, the instructions received 



EVIDENCE. 287 

from the testator, and that they were carried out by the will. Is 
the evidence admissible ? 

A. Yes. " The draftsman of a will though he is an attorney, is 
not incompetent under sec. 835 of the Code of Civ. Pro. to testify 
in support of the will, to the instructions received from the testa- 
tor in respect to the provisions to be incorporated in the will." 
Matter of Chase, 41 Hun, 203. 

Q. A, who is a witness on the trial of B for larceny, is asked by 
the district attorney if he did not assist B, the defendant, in taking 
the goods. He refuses to answer the question. Can he be com- 
pelled to do so? ' 

A. No, as he is privileged from answering questions which 
would tend to incriminate him. The rule is stated in sec. 837 of 
the Code of Civ. Pro., as follows : " A competent witness shall not 
be excused from answering a relevant question, on the ground only 
that the answer may tend to establish the fact that he owes a debt, 
or is otherwise subject to a civil suit. But this provision does not 
require a witness to give an answer, which will tend to accuse him- 
self of a crime or misdemeanor, or to expose him to a penalty or 
forfeiture ; nor does it vary any other rule, respecting the exami- 
nation of a witness." 

Q. A is on trial for murder. His attorney puts his wife on the 
stand as a witness for him. The district attorney raises an objec- 
tion as to her competency. The objection is sustained by the court, 
and the wife's evidence is excluded. A is convicted and his at- 
torney appeals on the ground that the court made an error in ex- 
cluding the testimony of A's Kife. Is the appeal good? State 
your reasons. / 

A. The appeal is good, for the wife was a competent witness 
under sec. 715 of the Penal Code, which is as follows : " The hus- 
band or wife of a person indicted or accused of a crime, is in all 
cases a competent witness, on the examination or trial of such 
person ; but neither the husband nor wife can be compelled to dis- 
close a confidential communication, made by one to the other dur- 
ing their ^marriage." That the evidence of the husband or wife 
against the other is admissible, see People v. Petmecky, 2 N. Y. 
Cr. Rep. 221. 



238 EVIDENCE. 

Q. A sues B, her husband, for an absolute divorce. On the 
j trial, she takes the stand and attempts to testify as to his adultery. 
1 The husband's attorney objects. Is the objection good ? 

1 A. Yes, the objection should be sustained. Sec. 831 of the Code 
j of Civ. Pro., which in part is as follows : "A hu^and or wife is 
not competent to testify against the other, upon the trial of an 
action, or the hearing upon the merits of a special proceeding, 
founded upon an allegation of adulter^', except to prove the mar- 
riage or disprove the allegation of adulnery." 



INSUBANCB. 239 



CHAPTER XIII. 
- Insurance. 

Q. A delivers some cloth to B, to have the same made into suits. 
B insures the same in the X Insurance Co. During the progress 
of the work, the cloth is destroyed by fire. B puts in his claim 
for the amount of the insurance. The insurance company refuses 
to pay, claiming that B had no insurable interest in the goods. B 
sues the company. Can he recover ? Answer fully. 

A. ^can recover, for he has an insurable interest. Agents, 
commission merchants, bailees, or others having custody of, and 
being responsible for, property, may insure in their own names, and 
they may, in their own names, recover of the insurer, not only a 
sum equal to their own interest in the property by reason of any 
lien for advances or charges, but the full amount named in the 
policy up to the value of the property. The right is put upon the 
fact, that having possession of the property, exclusive as to all but 
the owner -to whom they are responsible; they have the right to 
protect themselves from loss, so that the property or its value may 
be rendered to the owner when he calls for his own. Waring v. Ins. 
Co., 45 N. Y. 606. 

(Note.) A legal 'or equitable title is not necessary to give an insurable in- 
terest in the property; if one has a right which may be enforced against the 
property, and wjiich is so connected with it, that injury thereto will neces- 
sarily result in a loss to him, he has an insurable interest. When insurance 
is upon property, not only must the insured have an interest in the subject 
matter of the contract at its inception, but also at the time of the loss, for the 
contract being one of indemnity recovery by the insured is limited to the 
loss actually sustained by him. As soon as his interest ceases in the property, 
the contract is at an end from the impossibility of any loss happening to him 
afterwards. Rohrbach v. Ins. Co., 62 N. Y. 47. 

Q. A, a stockholder in the X corporation, insures a certain build- 
ing belonging to the corporation. The building is destroyed by 
fire, but the insurance company^refuses to pay the loss to A, claim- 



240 INSTTEANCB. 

ing that he has no insurable interest in the property. Upon suit 
by A against the company, what should the judgment be? 

A. Judgment for A. It is not necessary to constitute an insur- 
able interest, that the interest is such, that the event insured against 
would necessarily subject the insured to loss. It is sufficient that 
it might do so, and that pecuniary injury would be the natural con- 
sequences. A stockholder in a corporation has such an interest 
in the corporate property, and so he may protect the same, by an 
insurance of specific tangible property of the corporation. Riggs 
V. Ins. Co., 125 N. Y. 7. 

Q. A owed B ilO,000. B, acting on his own behalf, took out 
a policy upon the life of A, and paid the premiums. A died, hav- 
ing paid the flO,000, and the policy was outstanding. To whom 
does the policy go ? Give reasons. 

A. The policy belongs to B, the creditor. Where a creditor pro- 
cures an insurance upon the life of his debtor, his insurable inter- 
est continues, although the latter has paid the debt before the cred- 
itor's death. The contract of life insurance is not one for indem- 
nity merely, and if the insured had an interest in the life when he 
took the policy, he may recover, although the interest has ceased. 
Rawls V. Ins. Co., 27 N. Y. 282. 

(Note.) It is well settled that a creditor has an insurable interest in the life 
of his debtor, so employers and employees have insurable interests in the lives 
of each other, so also partners, and near relatives such as parent and child, 
and sister and brother. The only reason in life insurance, for requiring an in- 
surable interest, is to eliminate from the contract, tlie character of a wager. 
Hpyt V. Ins. Co., 3 Bosworth (N. T.), 440; Grattan v. Ins. Co., 15 Hun, 75. In 
Wright v. M. B. L. Assn., 118 N. T. 237, it was held that the plaintiff could 
recover the whole amount provided by the policy, altliough the debt owing to 
the payee by the insured, to secure which the insurance was taken out by the 
plaintiff, was lass than the sum insured. 

Q. A insures his life for the benefit of B, his old college friend. 
A subsequently, with B's consent, assigns the policy to C, a stranger, 
for 11,000. A dies, and C claims the amount of the policy from 
the company. The company refuses to pay, and C brings suit. 
The company defends on the ground that C had no insurable in- 
terest in the life of A. Judgment for whom and why? State 
your reasons. 

A. Judgment for C. A valid policy of insurance a|fected by a 



INSURANCE. 241 

person upon his own life, is assignable like an ordinary chose in 
action. The assignee for value of such a policy is entitled on the 
death of the party, whose life is insured, to recover the full sum 
insured, without reference to the amount of the insurance paid by 
him for the assignment. As life insurance is not regarded as a 
contract of indemnity merely, any person may insure his own life 
for the benefit of a stranger. St. John v. Ins. Co., 13 N. Y. 31. 
This rule has been afiBrmed in the comparatively recent case of 
Steinback v. Diepenbrock, 158 N. Y. 24, where it was held : " That 
a polic}' of life insurance taken out by the insured himself on his 
own life, in good faith, and not for the mere purpose of assignment, 
may be lawfully assigned to one, having no insurable interest in 
the life of the insured, and the assignee when the assignment is 
absolute and general, will be entitled to the entire proceeds of the 
policy. The fact that the insured's condition of health has failed, 
does not deprive him of the right to realize on his policy by assign- 
ment." 

Q. Plaintiff at 10 o'clock A. M., went to the office of the defend- 
nt Fire Ins. Co., and agreed orally with the proper officer for an 
insurance. At noon, and before the policy was written, the prop- 
erty was destroyed by fire. Plaintiff immediately tendered pre- 
mium. The payment of loss was refused, and plaintiff brings ac- 
tion. Can he recover? 

A. The plaintiff can recover the amount of the loss. A recov- 
ery can be had upon a parol contract to insure, although no policy 
was ever issued by the insurer, if it appears that the insured ap- 
plied for insurance, that the company accepted the risk, and that 
the premium was tendered. Clarkson v. Assn. Co., 92 Hun, 527. 
" An oral contract to insure is valid, and the law reads into the 
contract, the standard fire insurance policy of the state of New 
York, whether it was referred to in terms or not." Hicks v. Assn. 
Co., 162 N. Y. 284. 



k 



Q. A has a policj'' in the X Life Ins. Co., and fails by neglect 
to pay the premium on January 1, 1900, the due day ; the follow- 
ing May he dies, and his representatives sue the company for the 
amount of the policy. Can they recover ? 

A. No. " Punctuality in the payment of premiums, in the case 
of a life insurance policy, is of the very essence of the contract, 
16 



242 INSURANCE. 

and if payment is not made when due, the company has the right 
to forfeit if such is the contract. The I'ule that strict construction 
is to be given to a provision of forfeiture in a policy of insurance, 
and that it may not be extended for the purpose of working a for- 
feiture beyond the strict and literal meaning of the words used, 
applies only where the meaning is doubtful, and the words capable 
of two constructions. Where the language is plain and unequivo- 
cal, and tiie meaning not in doubt, in the absence of fraud or mis- 
take, the contract must be enforced as it reads." Holly v. Ins. 
Co., 105 N. y. 437. 

Q. A takes out a policy of fire insurance in the X Insurance 
Co. It provides that the policy shall be void, if any mechanics 
shall be employed in repairing the building for longer than twenty 
days without notice to the company. A employed mechanics to 
repair the house without giving notice to the company, it taking 
thirty days to complete the work. Afterwards, when the mechanics 
have left, and from a cause in noway connected with their work, 
A's house takes fire and is destroyed. The company refuses to 
pay. A brings suit. Can he recover? 

A. No, for a condition of the policy was violated by A, and this 
rendered it void and unenforceable. Where a policy of fire in- 
surance is issued containing conditions, a violation of which by 
the terms of the policy avoids it, the insured will be held strictly 
to his contract, however immaterial to the risk the matter stipu- 
lated against may be. Mack v. Ins. Co., 106 N. Y. 560 ; Newport 
Imp. Co. V. Ins. Co., 163 N. Y. 287. 

Q. An insurance policy provides that if the property insured 
now or hereafter has a chattel mortgage on it, the policj^ shall be 
void. A, the insurance agent of the company, insures B's per- 
sonal property, there being at the time a chattel mortgage thereon, 
which is filed in tlie county clerk's office. The property is subse- 
quently destroyed by fire. B, not having made any concealment, 
and having acted in good faith, brings suit against the insurance 
company. The company claims that the contract is void, because 
of the mortgage. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the company, as there was a violation of a 
condition of the policy. It matters not that the mortgage was re- 
corded, as the company cannot be charged with notice thereby, in 



INSUKANCE. 243 

the face of an express condition in the policy. The question of 
good faith is not material, when the policy expressly stipulates 
that it shall be avoided in case of a violation of a condition. 

(Note.) " The distinction between a warranty and a representation is that 
the former is contained in, and forms part of, the contract, and must be com- 
plied with whether material to the risk or not, while the latter is outside of 
the contract, and it is immaterial whether it is true or false, unless material 
to the risk." Chase v. Ins. Co., 20 jST. Y. 52. 

Q. There is a fire insurance upon a mill, the policy providing 
that it shall be null and void, if the mill ceased to be operated for 
more than ten consecutive days, or became vacant or unoccupied, 
and so remained for ten days. The mill is closed and inoperative 
for one week, in order that repairs to the machinery may be made. 
The next week it is inoperative, because the miller is so sick that 
he cannot work. Tlie mill takes fire on the last day of the two 
weeks, and is destroyed. The miller brings suit against the com- 
pany upon their refusal to pay the loss. Can the action be main- 
tained ? 

A. Judgment for the miller. The case of Ladd v. Ins. Co., 147 
N. Y. 478, is exactly in point. The headnote reads : " A mere 
temporary cessation of the operation of the machinery in a manu- 
facturing establishment by reason of sickness, breakdown, low 
water, or other unavoidable cause, without any intention on the 
part of the insured to cease operating, or to allow the premises to 
become vacant or unoccupied, is not of itself to be deemed a 
violation of the provisions of a fire insurance policy, avoiding it in 
case the establishment ceased to be operated for more than ten 
consecutive days, or became vacant or unoccupied and remained 
so for ten days." 

Q. A insures his building against loss by fire in the sum of 
15,000. In the policy was a provision to the effect " that the 
entire policy should be void, if tlie interest of the insured be 
other than an unconditional and sole ownership." At the time 
the policy was issued, there was a mortgage on the premises for 
$5,500. The existence of this encumbrance was not disclosed to 
the insurance company that issued the policy. Upon the total 
destruction of the building by fire, the company refused to pay the 
loss. A brings suit on the policy. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. The policy was not vitiated by the omission of all ref- 



244 INSUEANCE. 

ereiice to the mortgage. The insured held the legal title to the 
property, and was the sole and unconditional owner thereof within 
the meaning of those terms as therein used. Woodward v. Ins. 
Co., 32 Hun, 365. 

Q. A takes out a policy of fire insurance in the X Insurance 
Co. There was a clause in the policy which read, that if the in- 
sured property was encumbered in any way, this policy shall he 
nuU and void. After the issuance of the policy, judgment was 
rendered against A, which was the result of a decision in a con- 
tested suit. The building is subsequently destroyed by fire, and 
A presents his claim to the company which refuses to pay the 
same. A brings suit. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. '" A condition in a policy of fire insurance, forfeiting 
it in case the property insured becomes encumbered in any way, 
without the consent of the company written on the policy, refers 
to encumbrances created by the act of the insured ; it does not ap- 
ply to encumbrances by judgment, or otherwise by operation of 
law." Baley v. Ins. Co., 80 N. Y. 21. 

(Note.) In Egan v. Ins. Co., 5 Denio, 326, the policy declared that if the 
insured should suffer a judgment whicli sball be a lien on the insured premises, 
without communicating it to the company, the policy should be void. It was 
held that the provision was an express warranty, and judgment having been 
rendered against the insured, the policy was avoided. 

Q. A takes out a policy of fire insurance upon his building in 
the X Insurance Company. Tlie policy contained a clause, to the 
effect that if the property be encumbered by judgment or legal 
jjrocess, the policy should be avoided. A mechanic's lien, without 
the procurement of A, was filed against the building. Shortly 
after the building is destroyed by fire. The company refuses to 
pay the loss. What are the rights of the parties? 

A. A can recover the amount of the loss. " A condition in a 
fire insurance policy, that the insured shall not be 4iable for a loss, 
if without the consent of the company, the property shall in any 
way become encumbered, applies only to encumbrances created by, 
or with the consent of, the insured, and to the creation of which he 
might apply for consent. A mechanic's lien filed against the prop- 
erty, without his procurement, does not avoid the policy, and is 
not an encumbrance contemplated by the condition." Green v. 
Ins. Co., 82 N. Y. 517. 



INSTTRANCE. 245 

(Note.) A sale of real property upon execution does not, before the expira- 
tion of the period allowed for redemption, avoid a policy of fire insurance 
upon real property, under a condition that the policy shall be void, if any 
change take place in the interest, title or possession of the subject of the in- 
surance, whether by legal process or judgment, or by act of the insured. 
Wood V. Ins. Co., 149 N. Y. 35g. 

Q. A takes out a policy of life insurance, and makes B, his wife, 
the beneficiary. In the application is the following question : 
" Are you married, and if so, to whom ? " He answers yes, to B, 
and warrants that his answers are true. The policy contains a 
clause that if there are any false statements in the application, the 
policy shall be void. At the time B is merely living with A as 
his mistress, and is in fact the wife of another man still living. A 
dies. The company refuses to pay the amount of the policy. B 
brings suit. Can she recover ? 

A. No. This is a breach of warranty. The statements in the 
application which were made warranties were untrue, and this 
avoided the policy, even though they were made in good faith, and 
with a belief of their truth. The word '■ false " in the policy was 
used in the sense of untrue, and did not limit the effect of the 
warranty to a statement intentionally untrue. Foot v. Ins. Co., 
61 N. Y. 671. 

(Note.) Answers to questions propounded by insurers in an application for 
insurance, unless they are clearly shown by the form of the contract, to have 
been intended by both parties to be warranties, to be strictly and literally com- 
plied with, are to be considered as representations, as to which substantial, 
truth in everything material to the risk, is all that is required of the appli- 
cant. Where a policy of life insurance is issued, upon an application, in 
which a warranty is understandingly and clearly given by the insured, he will 
be held strictly to his contract, however immaterial the facts may be. To avoid 
a policy of life insurance upon the ground (*f misrepresentations, it must, in 
the absence of fraud, be in respect to some circumstance or fact material to 
the contract, and by which the insurer is induced to take the risk. A war- 
ranty, however, must be literally true, whether tlie fact warranted be material 
or not. Barteau V. Ins. Co., 67 N. Y. 595; Dwight v. Ins. Co., 103 N. Y. 341. 

Q. A takes out a life insurance policy, and warrants his age to 
be fifty-three, when in fact he was fifty-four. A dies. What are 
the rights of his representatives against the company ? 

A. They have no rights whatever against the company. The 
answers contained in the application were warranties, and were 



246 INSURANCE. 

material to the risk, and therefore the policy was avoided. Schmitt 
V. Ins. Co., 84 Hun, 128 ; Kabok v. Ins. Co., 4 N. Y. Supp. 718. 

Q. A took out a policy of insurance upon his life, payable to 
himself, his executors, administrators or assigns. The policy was 
silent upon the question of the liability of the insurance company, 
if the insured should die by suicide. All of the conditions in the 
policy were fulfilled by the insured, in payment of premiums, etc. 
The insured intentionally took his own life while he was sane. 
State whether or not the insurance company is liable on the 
policy? Give your reasons. 

A. The company is liable. " Where life insurance is effected 
for the benefit of one's representatives, suicide, Avhile sane, is not 
a defense, in the absence of a condition or exception to that effect 
in the policy. The representatives are not bound by the acts of 
the deceased, after the issuance of the policy, unless in violation of 
some condition thereof." Fitch v. Ins. Co., 59 N. Y. 557. 

Q. A takes out a policy of life insurance payable to his wife and 
children. The policy provides that it shall be void if the insured die 
by his own hand. A commits suicide while insane. Can his bene- 
ficiaries recover on the policy ? 

A. Yes. " Where a policy of life insurance contains the usual 
condition, declaring it void in case the insured shall die by his own 
hand, the only exceptions to the condition are where self-destruc- 
tion is clearly shown to be accidental or involuntary ; to take a case 
out of the proviso on the ground of insanity tlie insured must have 
been so mentally disordei'cd as not to understand that the act he com- 
mitted would cause his death, or he must have committed it while 
under the influence of some insane impulse which he could not 
resist." Van Zandt v. Ins. Co., 55 N. Y. 169 ; Newton v. Ins. Co., 
76 N. Y. 426. 

Q. A, the wife of B, secures a policy of insurance on his life, pay- 
able in ten years to herself in case she lives, and in case she die be- 
fore her husband, to be paid to her husband. In case she outlives 
her husband, to be paid to her children, share and share alike. One 
year after the issuance of the policy, A and B make an assignment 
of the policy to D. The insurance company at the end of the ten 
years pays to the assignee of A and B. At that, time A is living 



INSURANCE. 247 

with' her three children. The children, through a guardian, bring 
suit against the insurance company to enforce their rights under 
the policy. What are their rights, and was the assignment valid? 
Who should have judgment ? 

A. Judgment for the insurance company. The policy was pay- 
able to A, if she were alive, and she having assigned her rights to 
D, he acquired and possesses the same rights she would have had 
under the policy. The children therefore have no rights ; what- 
ever right they had was cut off by the assignment. The assignment 
was valid. An assignment of a life insurance policy, issued upon 
the life of a husband, in which his wife is the beneficiary, is valid, 
where the assignment is made by the wife with the written consent 
of the husband. Fuller v. Kent, 13 App. Div. 529. 

Q. There is an insurance upon the life of A, payable to his wife, 
or if she be dead, to the children. They have two children, X and 
Y. X dies, leaving a son, then A's wife dies, then A dies. Who 
is entitled to recover the amount of the policy ? 

A. Y gets all. X simply had a contingent interest in the prop- 
erty, which terminated upon the happening of the contingency, 
i. e., her death prior to that of her mother, and so no interest was 
transmitted to her representatives. Upon the death of the mother, 
all interest in the, policy vested at once in the child then living. 
Walsh V. Ins. Co., 133 N. Y. 408. 

Q. A takes out a fire insurance policy. The policy reads that if 
A has any other insurance on his premises, the policy is void. A 
has a policy existing in the same company. His barn burns, and 
he sues the company. Can he recover? 

A. Yes, for the company must be deemed to have waived the 
condition. " When the facts are all known, before any contract is 
made, a condition against a state of things known or presumed to 
be known to exist bj'' all the parties, cannot be deemed to be within 
their intention and purpose." Forward v. Ins. Co., 142 N. Y. 382. 
" The company is estopped from setting up the forfeiture, since it 
is presumed to know of the existence of the other policy in its own 
company." Kelly v. Ins. Co., 15 App. Div. 320. 

Q. A policy of fire insurance contained a clause that the insured 
should serve a verified proof of loss upon the company within sixty 



248 INSITEANCB. 

days after the fire, as a condition precedent to his maintaining an 
action thereon. The insured served an unverified proof of loss 
within sixty days, wliich the company retained, making thereto no 
reply or observation. A sues the company. Judgment for whom 
and why? 

A. Judgment for A. " Under the facts disclosed by the evi- 
dence, the defendant was called upon to object to the proofs of loss 
that were furnished within a reasonable time, and to point out the 
defects, to the end that plaintiff might remedy them within the 
period of time in which he was permitted to lodge with the defend- 
ants formal proofs ; and a question of fact was presented to the 
jury to consider whether under all the circumstances, defendant 
had not waived the right to insist upon more formal proofs." Mess- 
mer V. Ins. Co., 24 App. Div. 241. In the case put, the act of the 
company was clearly a waiver of the forfeiture. By accepting the 
informal proofs, they are estopped from demanding service of the 
verified proof of loss. Bumstead v. Ins. Co., 21 N. Y. 81. 

\ Q. Sparks from the locomotive of a R. R. Co. burn the barn of 
B ; B is insured and the insurance company pay him the full 
amount of the insurance, $1,000. B sues the R. R. Co. in tort for 
damages. The R. R. Co. demurs on the ground that the insurance 
company has brought an action for the same cause. Judgment for 
whom and why? 

A. Judgment for the railroad company. If a loss under a policy 
of fire insurance is occasioned by the wrongful act of a third per- 
son, the insurer upon payment is subrogated to the rights and rem- 
edies of the assured and may maintain an action against the wrong- 
doer. Ins. Co. V. R. R. Co., 73 N, Y. 899. 

Q. A has a policy of fire insurance for fl»QO(®, The insured 
property is mortgaged for $5,000 to B, and in the policy is this 
clause : " Damage, if any, payable to the mortgagee to the extent 
of his interest." As a result of a fire, the insurance company be- 
comes liable for $4,000, but because of the above clause in the 
policy, are undecided as to whom to pay the money, so they refuse 
to pay to either. Who may bring suit? 

A. The suit may be brought by either A or B, on the principle 
that either a beneficiary or the promisee may sue on the contract. 
Lawrence v. Fox, 20 N. Y. 268. 



PAETKERSHIP. 249 



CHAPTER XIV. 

Partnership. 

Q. A and B are copartners. They employed C as ^manager of 
their business, and agreed to give him 15^ of the profits of the 
business as his salary. Subsequently X sells a bill of goods to the 
partnership, and upon their failure to pay for the same, sues C, 
claiming that A, B, and C are partners. Can he recover? State 
your reasons. Answer fully. 

A. No. One who has no interest in the capital or business of a 
firm, save that he is to receive a percentage of the net profits of 
the business for his services, is not a partner with the others inter- 
ested in the profits. Smith v. Bodine, 74 N. Y. 30, 

Q. A, B, and C run stage coaches over a route divided into 
three sections, each paying his own expenses for his own section, 
but the money received as fare of passengers, deducting therefrom 
the tolls paid, was divided among the partners in proportion to the 
number of miles run by each. B, in the course of one of his trips, 
negligently ran his coach against the carriage of D, who was right- 
fully in the highway without fa«lt, and thereby D was thrown from 
his carriage and sustained severe injuries. D brought an action to 
recover damages for the personal injuries received, not only against 
B, but also against A and C, on the ground that all three were part- 
ners. The complaint alleges all these facts. A and C appeared 
separately, and each demurred to the complaint. Judgment for 
whom and why ? Give reasons. 

A. Judgment for D. In the case of Champion v. Bostwick, 18 
Wend. 175, it was held that they were jointly liable as partners, 
and it was said that to constitute one a partner, he must have 
such an interest in the profits as to entitle him to an account, and 
give him a specific lien or preference in payment over other cred- 
itors. 

(Note.) The test as to what constitutes a partnership has varied greatly in 
the New York decisions. It can be said that the mere sharing of profits and 



250 PARTNERSHIP. 

losses does not constitute a partnership. Whether or not a partnership has 
been formed, depends very largely on the intention of the parties. Probably 
the best test, as to what constitutes one a partner, is that given in the case of 
Magovern v. Robertson, 116 N. Y. 61. It was there said that: " Persons hav- 
ing a proprietary interest in a business and its profits are liable as partners." 

Q. A leases a hotel to B at a rental of $1,000 a year and one- 
half of the profits of the hotel, C, knowing nothing about the re- 
lation existing between A and B, delivers goods to B, which were 
not paid for. C, learning of the relation, brings an action and 
seeks to charge A as a parfner. Can he succeed ? 

A. No. It is well settled that a lease of real or personal prop- 
erty at a rental to be measured by a share of the profits does not 
make the lessor a partner, from the lack of an intention of the par- 
ties to form a partnership. Taylor v. Bradley, 39 N. Y. 129. 

Q. A and B enter into an agreement, whereby A is to stock his 
farm and B is to carry it on furnishing all the labor for one year. 
A and B are then to divide the crop. B hires C to aid him in 
carrying on the work of the farm. C sues A for the value of the 
services, claiming that A and B are partners^ Can he recover ? 
What relation exists between A and B ? 

A. C cannot recover from A. This is the familiar case of work- 
ing a farm on shares. The dividing of the crop is merely a means 
of paying the rent. The relation existing between A and B is not 
that of partners, but that of tenants in common of the crop. Put- 
nam V. Wise, 1 Sill, 234; Davis v. Morris, 36 N. Y. 569. 

Q. A loans money to the firm of B and C, and takes a mortgage 
on their property, on which he is to receive interest and a stipulated 
share of the profits. B and C agree to repay the money in five 
years, the term fixed for the duration of the partnership. D sells 
goods to the firm, and in default of payment, sues A, seeking to 
hold him liable as a partner. Can he recover ? State your rea- 
sons. 

A. No. " Where a person, who has no interest in the firm oi 
the capital invested, lends money to the firm, for which he takes 
,» mortgage on property, and is to receive interest and a guaranteed 
share of the profits, and which loan the borrowers personally agree 
to pay in any event, he is not a partner, and cannot be held liable 
as such by the creditors of the firm. Curry v. Fowler, 87 N. Y. 38. 



PARTNERSHIP. 251 

(Note.) "A person who has no interest in the business of a firm, save that 
he is to receive a share of the profits as compensation for services, or for money 
loaned for the benefit of the business, is not a partner, and cannot be held lia- 
ble by the creditors of the firm." Richardson v. Hughitt, Y6 N. Y. 55. 

Q. A loans B certain machines for use in B's manufacturing 
establishment, stipulating that he is to receive one-third of the 
profits of the business for the loan. B contracts certain debts, and 
his creditors seek to hold A liable as a partner. Can they do so ? 

A. No. " A person is not to be regarded as a partner, even as 
to third persons, merely because he stipulates that in return for 
the hire of a chattel, he shall receive a part of the profits that might 
be earned by the use of the chattel in the bailee's business." Wil- 
son Co. V. Bowker, 27 Abb. N. C. 153. 

Q. A and B were partners in the shoe business. A died and 
left a will, by which he directed his executors therein named to 
conduct his interest in the business in the firm name, in conjunc- 
tion with the surviving partners. X subsequently sells goods to 
the firm, and seeks to hold the separate estate of A. Can he do so ? 

A. No. " The executor became a copartner in the firm business, 
and debts incurred in the business were claims upon the partner- 
ship merely, and not upon the separate estate of the deceased 
partner. The intention of a testator to confer upon his executor 
power to continue a trade or business must be clearly expressed 
in the will. When the simple power is conferred, it only authorizes 
the use of the fund invested in the business at the time of the 
testator's death ; the general assets may not be used, unless such 
an intent on the part of the testator is expressed in the will." 
Willis V. Sharp, 113 N. Y. 586. See also Columbus Watch Co. 
V. Hodenpyl, 135 N. Y. 430. 

Q. A holds himself out to be a partner of B and C, which he is 
not. D gives credit to the firm, without knowing anything of A's 
partnership. State A's liability 'generally to the creditors pf the 
firm, and is he liable to D ? 

A. A is not liable to D, because the latter did not rely on the 
holding out. A is merely a partner by estoppel, and as such is 
only liable to those who have dealt with the firm in the belief that 
he was a partner. " A person who is not actually a partner may 



252 PARTNERSHIP. 

render himself liable as though he were one, by so conducting him- 
self as to reasonably induce third persons to believe that he is a 
partner, and to act upon that belief. It is the case in which the 
principle of estoppel applies. First, the" alleged act of -holding out 
must have been done by him or by his consent. Second, it must 
have been known by the person seeking to avail himself of it." 
Mechem on Partnership, sec. 69. " Declarations ipade by a per- 
son that he is interested in a certain business, not only estop him 
from denying his partnership therein, as against those who have 
sold goods to the alleged firm on the faith of his declarations, but 
are also competent evidence of the existence of a partnership, in 
favor of others as to whom there may have been no estoppel.'' 
Grififin v. Carr, 21 App. Div. 51. "A person not actually a partner 
may render himself liable as one by inducing people to act upon 
the faith of representations by him that he is a partner, the prin- 
ciple being that of estoppel. The holding out must antedate the 
contract, and the plailitiff's knowledge of, and reliance upon his 
alleged connection must be proved as of that time, for otherwise 
the plaintiff was not misled. No particular mode of holding out 
is necessary. If he knowingly consents to being represented as a 
' partner, he is liable ; and his knowledge and consent may be in- 
ferred from circumstances." Bates on Partnership, sees. 90, 91. 

Q. John Brown agrees with Jones and Smith, who are the actual 
partners in the firm of Brown, Jones & Co., for #2,000 a year, to 
allow his name to be used as a member of the firm. The object 
of this arrangement was to continue the firm name, Samuel Brown 
of the original firm having died. X sells goods to the firm, not 
knowing who was represented by the name of Brown. Subse- 
quently on discovering the fact, and the firm having defaulted in 
payment, he seeks to hold Brown as a partner. Can he succeed? 
State your reasons. 

A. Yes. " One, who for a valuable consideration, authorizes the 
use of his name in a partnership, as if he was a member thereof, is 
liable as a partner to a subsequent creditor of the firm, and this, 
although the creditor was ignorant of the arrangement, or that the 
name represented such nominal partner, and did not give credit on 
the faith of his apparent connection with the firm." Poillon v. 
Secor, 61 N. Y. 456. " Where one is held forth to the world as a 
partner by his authority, consent, or connivance, the presumption 



PARTNBKSHIP. 253 

is almost absolute that he was so held out to every creditor or 
customer. If so held out by his own negligence onl}'^^ he should 
be held only to a creditor who has been actually misled thereby." 
Parsons on Partnership, sec. 119. 

Q. A solvent partnership consisting of two partners owns real 
estate. One of the partners dies, His widow claims to be entitled 
to dower in one-half of the partnership realty. Is she so entitled ? 
What are her rights ? 

A. She is entitled to dower, subject to the rights of the partner- 
ship creditors, and the claims of the copartners between themselves. 
" Real estate purchased by a partnership firm, for partnership pur- 
poses, with partnership funds, is regarded in equity, so far as the 
firm and its creditors are concerned, as personal property. . . . 
After the dissolution of the firm, and the claims of its creditors are 
discharged, and the equities of the respective partners in its assets 
are determined and satisfied, such property, so far as it is pre- 
served in specie, and is awarded and conveyed to the respective 
members, undoubtedly loses its character of personal property, and 
again becomes subject to the rules governing the devolution of real 
estate. But so long as the partnership affairs remain unsettled, 
like all the other assets of the firm, its real estate is equitably 
pledged to creditors, and liable to be disposed of and absorbed in 
the process of liquidating the firm debts, and satisfying the claims 
of the respective partners as against each other." Greenwood v. 
Marvin, 111 N. Y. 433. 

Q. A, B, and C are partners. B has the legal title to certain 
property, bought with partnersliip funds, and used for partnership 
purposes. B dies, leaving a widow and an heir-at-law. What are 
the rights of the parties ? State the general rule. 

A. The widow is entitled to dower, and the heir-at-law to the 
remaindei^ of B's share aft'er payment of the partnership debts, and 
an adjustment of the partnership accounts. B's share was one- 
third, notwithstanding the title to the whole property was in his 
name. " For the fiurpose of paying the debts of the firm, and dis- 
charging the claims and equities of the copartners between them- 
selves, real estate belonging to the firm is treated in equity as per- 
sonal property, and thus, although the title stands in the name of 
one of the partners only, he holds it in trust for the firm." Tarbel 



254 PAKTNBKSHIP. 

V. Bradley, 7 Abb. N. C. 273. " Real estate purchased for, and ap- 
propriated to, partnership purposes, and paid for out of partnership 
funds is partnership property, although the legal title is taken in the 
name of one of the partners ; equity will hold him as trustee for the 
firm. There is no distinction in respect to the proof necessary to 
establish the fact, that the real estate is partnership property, between 
such a case and the case of a conveyance to the several partners ; 
it may be established in either case by parol evidence. For the 
purpose of paying debts and adjusting the equities between the 
copartners, real estate belonging to a partnership is treated as per- 
sonal property, and what remains is regarded as real estate de- 
scending to the heirs of the partners according to their several 
interests." Fairchild v. Fairchild, 64 N. Y. 471. " On the death 
of either partner, where the title is vested in both, the share of 
the land, standing in the name of the deceased partner, descends 
as real estate to his heirs, subject to the equities of the surviving 
partners to have it appropriated to accomplish the trust to which 
it was primarily subjected. The portion of the land not required 
for partnership equities retains its character as reality, and it leaves 
the law of inheritance and descent to their ordinary operation." 
Darrow v. Calkins, 154 N. Y. 503. 

Q. A and B are partners in a firm in which part of the assets is 
real estate. About a month before the time fixed for the expira- 
tion of the partnership by the articles of copartnership, A brings 
an action for the partition of the real estate. There has been no 
accounting. Can A succeed in the action ? Give reasons. 

A. No. In the absence of any accounting between the copart- 
ners, or adjustment of the copartnership accounts, the real estate 
cannot be separated from the rest of the copartnership property, 
and made the subject of a separate action in partition to divide 
the same or the proceeds thereof between the parties. MacFar- 
lane v. MacFarlane, 82 Hun, 238. 

Q. A and B are partners in the business of manufacturing hats. 
A sells and conveys his interest in the firm to C. What effect has 
the transfer on the partnership?! What rights does C, the pur- 
chaser, acquire ? 

A. The transfer dissolves the firm, and as a partner's interest is 
merely a chose in action, the purchaser thereof merely acquires the 



PARTNERSHIP. 255 

right of a partner to an accounting, and the share of the assets whicii 
may be then found to be due him. " An sissignment by one part- 
ner in the share of the common stock, simply transfers the inter- 
est he mayhave in any surplus remaining after payment of the 
firm's debts, and the settlement of all accounts ; nor can the part- 
nership effects be taken by an attachment or sold on execution to 
satisfy a creditor of one of the partners, except to the extent of 
such interest. , The remaining partners are entitled to the control 
of the firm property, and to apply it to the payment of its debts. 
Where a partner sells his interest to a stranger or it is sold upon 
execution against him, his right to have partnership debts paid, 
and his liability therefor discharged out of the property, is not di- 
vested by the sale." Menagh v. Whitwell, 52 N. Y. 146. 

Q. A and B are copartners in the clothing business. They pur- 
chased certain goods of C on sixty days' credit, and failed to pay 
at the expiration of that time. C's attorney brings an action 
against A and B, but only serves the summons on A. B is finan- 
cially irresponsible, and has fled the state. Against v^rhom should 
judgment be entered, and how should the execution be issued? 

A . Judgment should be entered against A and B ; it should, 
however, be stated that B was not served. Execution should be 
issued the same way. Sec. 19-32 of the Code of Civ. Pro. pro- 
vides as follows :'" In ah action, wherein the complaint demands 
judgment for a sum of money against two or more defendants, al- 
leged to be jointly indebted upon contract, if the summons be 
served upon one or more, but not upon all of the defendants, the 
plaintiff may proceed against the defendant or defendants upon 
whom it is served, unless the court otherwise directs ; and if he 
recovers final judgment, it may be taken against all the defendants 
thus jointly indebted." Sec. 1934 says : " An execution upon 
such a judgment must be issued in form against all the defend- 
ants ; but the attorney for the judgment creditor must indorse 
thereupon a direction to the sheriff containing the name of each 
defendant who was not summoned, and restricting the enforcement 
of the execution as prescribed in the next section." Sec. 1935 is 
in part as follows : " An execution against property, issued upon 
such a judgment, shall not be levied upon the sole property of 
such a defendant ; but it may be collected out of personal prop- 
erty, owned by him, jointly with the other defendants, who were 



256 PARTNERSHIP. 

summoned, or with any one of them ; and out of the real and per- 
sonal property of the latter, or any one of them." 

Q. A is a partner in the firm of A, B, and C. Upon an indi- 
vidual judgment against A, an execution issues against A's interest 
in the firm. Thirty days later, an execution under a judgment 
recovered against the firm is issued. There is not enough prop- 
erty to satisfy both executions in full. ' What disposition should 
be made of the firm property in reference ^to the executions ,? , 

A. The execution against the firm must be first satisfied for the 
full amount called for by it. " Where a sheriff receives for collec- 
tion, an execution against one of the members of a copartnership, and 
by virtue thereof levies upon the interest of the judgment debtor 
in the goods of the firm, and where within thirty days after, and 
before a sale, he receives an execution against all the members of 
the firm for a copartnership debt, the latter is the prior lien, and 
if upon the sale the stock brings sufficient to satisfy it, he is jus- 
tified in returning the former execution nulla bona." Eighth Nat. 
Bank v. Fitch, 49 N. Y. 539. 

Q. A, _B, and C enter into a partnership. A and B are both 
infants. The firm buys certain goods of X and fails to pay for 
them. X brings suit against the three members of the firm. A 
and B set up infancy as- a defense; X only recovers judgment 
against C, and seeks to satisfy it out of the firm property. Can 
he do so? ' 

A. Yes. Even though the contract of an infant is voidable, yet 
when he enters into a partnership he assumes a status, one of the 
incidents of that status being that the property of the firm is 
liable for its debts, and he cannot therefore be relieved from the 
operation of this rule by reason of his infancy. Of course the 
separate property of the infant cannot be charged with the firm 
debts. " In an action against copartners for a partnership debt, 
where judgment is rendered in favor of two members of the firm, 
on the ground that the debt was contracted during their infancy, 
and against the remaining adult member: Held, that the judg- 
ment against the adult member of the firm was a partnership 
liability, so far as to make the moneys and propertj"- of the firm 
applicable to its payment." Whittemore v. Elliot, 7 Hun, 518. 



PAETNEESHIP. 257 

Q. A and B were partners. A buys out B's interest, and agrees 
to pay all the firm debts, giving B'Ta. bond binding himself to do 
so. X is a creditor of the firm, and sues A on the bond for the 
amount of his clairb. A demurs. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. ''Where upon the dissolution of the firm, 
one partner executes to another a bond conditioned for the pay- 
ment by the partner executing it, of all the firm debts, the liability 
of the obligor is to the obligee only, not to the creditors, and an 
action cannot be maintained therefor by a firm creditor, to recover 
his indebtedness from the obligor." Merrill v. Green, 65 N. Y. 
270. See also Serviss v. McDonnell, 107 N. Y. 260. 

Q. Upon the statement of the defendant. Brown, that the firm 
of Brown and Jones intends to increase its capital stock, and that 
he, Brown, wishes to put in |1,000 as his share of such increase, 
plaintiff loans Brown B1,000, apd takes two firm notes for $50Q 
each. He sues the firm upon the notes. What are the rights of 
the parties ? What principle of law is involved ? 

A. The firm is not bound, as the facts show that the intention 
was to loan to Brown individually. Of course, if the loan was 
made to the firm on Brown's application, the.-firm would be bound 
irrespective of the question, whether or not they received the 
money, as a partner has implied power to borrow money for the 
firm ; but as the loan was made to Brown individually, even though 
he would apply the money to the firm, the firm would not be bound. 
The statement that each wanted to increase the capital stock by 
11,000, shows clearly that the money was loaned to Brown. The 
presumption raised by the giving of the firm note is thus rebutted 
by the facts. " A note given by one of several partners in the 
name of a firm, is of itself presumptive evidence of a partnership 
debt; and if the other partners seek to avoid its payment, the 
burden of proof lies upon them to show that the note was given in 
a- matter not relating to the partnership business, and that, with 
the knowledge of the payee. All the members of a firm are liable 
for money lent to the firnj, upon the application of one of the 
partners, and it is not necessary to show the actual application of 
the money to the use of the firm, or the assent of the other mem- 
bers to such application thereof, Whittaker v. Brown, 16 Wend, 
550. 

17 



258 PARTNERSHIP. 

Q. A, of the firm of A and B, goes to C, and borrows from him 
1500, giving therefor his individual note for that amount. A sub- 
sequently places the money in the firm. The note not being paid 
at maturity, C sues the firm. Can he recover? Sitate your rea- 
sons. 

A. No. " Where money is loaned upon the promissory note of 
one member of copartnership, and upon his individual credit, the 
fact that the money is applied to the use of the firm does not con- 
stitute the lender a creditor of the firm. It is only when the name 
used, and to which credit is given, is that adopted by the firm, and 
used to designate the partnership, that it is held liable." Nat. 
Bank v. Thomas, 47 N. Y. 15. 

(Note.) " A lender is warianted in assuming when nothing is said, tlial 
money borrowed by a partner is for the firm, but where the money is borrowed 
on the individual credit of the partner, thougji it is applied to the use of the 
firm, it does not thereby become an indebtedness of the firm. And the same 
rule applies where money comes to the hands of a partner, through a transac- 
tion outside of the firm's business, and is afterward applied to its use. So on 
the other hand, if money is borrowed, or goods purchased for the firm, and 
upon its credit, the subsequent misappropriation of the avails by the borrow- 
ing or purchasing pai-tner, does not relieve the firm of its liability therefor." 
17 Amer. & Eng. Ency. of Law, 1016. 

Q. A, of the firm of A and B, buys certain goods for the part- 
nership from X, in his, A's, own name. X was ignorant of the ex- 
istence of the partnership.^ Th6 goods were applied to the use of 
the firm. Upon discovering the facts, X sues the firm for the 
purchase price of the goods. Can t^e action be maintained? 
State your reasons. 

A. Yes. Partners are all liable for goods furnished for the bene- 
fit of the firm, though the vendor does not know of the existence of 
the firm, and though he supposed himself dealing ^with,. and gives 
credit to the individual partner by charging him alone in his books. 
The doctrine of undisclosed principal applies, each partner being 
the agent for his copartner. Reynolds v. Cleveland, 4 Cowen, 282. 

Q. A, of the firm of A, B, and C, makes a contract with M. A 
is guilty of fraud in the making thereof. B and C are entirely ig- 
norant of the matter. M sues A, B, and 0. What are the rights 
of the parties ? 

A. The firm is liable. " Where a fraud is perpetrated by one 



PAETNEESHIP. 259 

of the members of a partnership, in the transaction and prosecution 
of a pai'tnership enterprise, they are all liable, although the others 
had no connection with, knowledge of, or participation in the 
fraud." Chester v. Dickerson, 54 N. Y. 1. 

Q. A, B, and C are partners in the butcher business. A has a 
grudge against M's dog, for having annoyed his, A's, children. He 
tbrows some poisoned meat to the dog when he passes, and the 
dog dies from eating it. M brings action against the firm to 
recover damages. Can he recover? Give reasons in full. 

A. The firm is not liable, as A's act was^comm itted j'ot in the 
course of the firm's business, or for its benefit, but purely for his 
own personal reasons. " Each partner being the agent of the firm 
for the purpose of carrying on its business in the usual way, the 
partnership is liable in damages for torts or wrongs committed by 
any of the partners within the proper scope of their agency. While 
the wilful and malicious torts of a member of a firm are usually 
not within the scope of his agency, and consequently do not render 
his copartners liable, yet if such an act is done clearly and plainly 
for the benefit of all, and in the usual and ordinar}' prosecution of 
the business of the firm, all are liable, notwitstanding the mali- 
cious motive of the partner committing the act." 17 Am. & 
Eng. Ency. of Law, 1065. 

Q. A and B are partners. C agtee^ with B, that if B will give 
him a firm contract, he, C, vAll pa,y him, B^ |1,000 for his sole 
benefit. "B gives the contract to C, and receives tlie money. A 
knows nothing of the private agreement between his partner and 
C, but finds it out after the contract has been given to C. A 
now consults you as to his rights. What would you advise ? 

A. B can be compelled to account for the 11,000 to the firm. 
" Any rewards or commissions secretly obtained, by one copartner 
from third persons, for inducing his firm to make particular pur- 
chases or sales, or to enter into particular transactions, must be 
accounted for to the firm." Dunlop v. Richards, 2 E. D. Smith 
(N. Y.), 181. " The relation of partners with each other is one 
of trust and confidence. Each is the general agent of the firm, 
and so bound to act in entire good faith to the other. The func- 
tions, rights and duties of partners are similar to that of trustees 
and agents. Neither partner can, in the business and affairs of 



260 PAETNEKSHIP. 

the firm, stipulate for a private advantage to himself ; he can neither 
sell to, nor buy from the firm, at a concealed profit to himself. Every 
advantage which he can obtain in the business of the firm must 
enure to the benefit of the firm." Earl, C, in Mitchell v. Reed, 61 
N. Y. 123. ^ 

* 

Q. A and B were partners ; the fftrm was in strai'&ned cir- 
cumstances. A, wishing to give to C, a creditor of the firm a 
preference, assigned to him all theT' Arm property, the value of 
which amounted to the debt due to C. . What toe the rights of B 
and the firm creditors, in- the abs&ce of the Bankruptcy Law? 

A. They have no rights. " One partner has authority to sell 
and transfer all the partnership effects directly to a creditor of the 
firm, in payment of a debt, without the knowledge or consent of 
his copartner, although the latter is at the place of business of the 
firm and might be consulted. Nor is such transfer invalid, though 
the firm is insolvent, and thereby one creditor acquires a prefer- 
ence over the other creditors of the firm." Mabbett v. White, 
12 N. Y. 442. See also Bender v. Hemstreet, 34 N. Y. Supp. 423, 
where it was held, that while a partner has the right to sell to a 
creditor, yet he has no such right to sell to a stranger. 

Q. A and B are partners. After a time the partnership is dis- 
solved, and A carries on the business. A then gives a note in the 
firm name to, C to extend the payment of a firm debt. C, who all 
the time has known of the abov^facts, now sues A and B as mem- 
bers of the firm on the note. Can he recover ? 

A. No. It is well settled, that one partner cannot bind the other 
after dissolution, by a firm note, even for an old firm debt. This 
is the making of a new contract by one, for all the partners after 
his authority is revoked. During the continuance of the partner- 
ship, one partner is entitled to act for all as their general agent. 
On dissolution, he ceases to hold that character and must be 
considered as a mere joint debtor. Bank v. Norton, 1 Hill, 672. 

Q. On January 2, 1894, A and B, for value received, made and 
delivered to C their promissory note for $500, payable in three 
months. A and B were in partnership at this time. In May, 1899, 
A and B dissolved partnership. No further attention was paid to 
the note by either of the parties thereto, until January 2, 1901, 



PARTNERSHIP. 261 

when B paid to C all of the interest due and unpaid on the same, 
and f 100 on account of the principal, which C at once indorsed on 
the note as a payment thereon. C thereafter sues A and B on the 
note. A pleads the Statute of Limitations. On the above facts, 
judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A. After the dissolution of a partnership, an 
acknowledgment and payment made by one of the partners will 
not revive a debt against the firm which is barred by the Statute of 
Limitations. Van Keuren v. Parmelee, 2 N. Y. 523. Of course 
B is liable, the payment by him having taken the case out of the 
statute, as far as he personally was concernedr- 

(Note.) In Forbes v. Garfield, 32 Hun, 389, it was held that: "Where pay- 
ments are made by one of sevei'al partners after the dissolution of a firm, upon 
a note given by the firm for goods sold to it, and such payments are received 
by the payee in ignorance of the fact that the firm is dissolved, sucli pay- 
ments are to be treated as if made by tlie firm, and prevent the running of 
the Statute of Limitations in favor of the other members of the old firm." 

Q. A and B are partners. The firm is dissolved by mutual 
consent. Notice of dissolution is published in the newspapers. 
C, who has sold goods to the firm on credit before, sells goods to 
A "who has continued the businessr'^~Upon default in payment, he 
seeks to hold B liable as a pairtner. Can he do so ? 

A. Yes. A retiring partner remains liable as a partner, until 
proper notice of his withdrawal is given. This notice, in the case 
of former dealers, must be actual, and must be brought Jiome to 
them. A mere publicationr in ^he newspapers is" not sufficient. 
To one who is not a prior dealer, constructive notice, as publica- 
tion in a newspaper, will be sufficient. One who has sold goods 
to a firm on credit, even though no definite time of forbearance is 
agreed upon, is a former dealer, but one who has only sold for cash 
is not. Clapp v. Rogers, 12 N. Y. 283. " A retiring partner is 
liable for subsequent engagements made by his former copartner 
in the firm name, with those who had previous dealings with the 
firm, and who entered into the new transaction without notice of 
the change of the firm. A person who is entitled to actual notice 
of the dissolution must be one who has had business relations with 
the firm, by which a credit is raised upon the faith of the copart- 
nership. To relieve a retiring partner from subsequent transac- 
tions in the firm name, notice of the dissolution must be brought 



262 PAETNERSHIP. 

home to the person giving the credit to the partnership. Publica- 
tion of notice of dissolution will not relieve a retiring partner 
from liability to one dealing previously with the firm, but will be 
sufficient as to others." Andrews, J., in Austin v. Holland, 69 
N. Y. 571, where it was held, that the mailing of notice to, a prior 
dealer, it never having reached him, was not sufficient. 



QUASI CONTKACTS. 263 



CHAPTER XV. 

Quasi Contracts. 

Q. A, by written contract, hires B to work for him for one year. 
At the end of three months, B leaves the employment without any 
cause. A refuses to pay for the services rendered. B brings ac- 
tioii to recover the value of the services upon a quantum meruit. 
Can the action be maintained? State your reasons. 

A. No. In this case, the doctrine of unjust enrichment does 
not apply. Marsh v. Ruleson, 1 Wend. 514. " Where a servant, 
on contract for a certain time, without cause, goes away declaring 
that he will work no more, the master is not bound to receive him 
again, nor can the servant procure a pro rata compensation." Lan- 
try V. Parks, 8 Cowen, 63. " Where a party enters into a con- 
tract and having performed part of it, without the consent of the 
master, voluntarily abandons further performance of it, he cannot 
maintain an action for the labor actually performed. Where the 
contract is entire, a full performance is necessary to the plaintiff's 
right of action." Jennings v. Camp, 13 Johns. 94. 

Q. A hires B as managing engineer to supervise the construc- 
tion of a certain railroad. After having worked six months, B be- 
comes seriously ill, so as to be incapacitated from doing any further 
work. The contract provided that B was to work for one year 
for .110,000. A refuses to pay for the work already performed ; 
B brings suit to recover 15,000 which he claims is due him. A 
sets up as a defense that the contract was entire, and alleges non- 
performance. Judgment for whom and why? Give your rea- 
sons. 

A. B can recover on a quantum meruit, and as this is a special 
contract could probably recover the proportionate amount of the 
contract price. B having been prevented fi-oni performing with- 
out any fault on his part, A would be unjustly enriched, if he were 



264 QUASI CONTRACTS. 

not compelled to pay for the work. " One, who under a contract 
requiring his personal services, and providing for partial payment 
during the employment and the remainder at the end of the term, 
performs services valuable to the employer, but is before the end 
of a stipulated period, disabled by sickness from completing his 
contract, is entitled to recover as upon a quantum meruit for sucli 
services as he rendered." Wolfe v. Howes, 20 N. Y. 197. " The 
compensation of an agent or servant employed under a special con- 
tract, a complete performance of which is prevented by his sickness 
or death, is not confined to a quantum meruit, but is to be meas- 
ured by the contract." Clark v. Gilbert, 26 N. Y. 279. 

Q. A hires B, an infant, to work for him in his grocery store at 
$20 per month. After working two weeks, the boy becomes dis- 
satisfied with the place, and without the knowledge of the em- 
ployer, leaves in the night-time and returns to his home. His 
father subsequently brings action for the services rendered. Can 
the action be maintained ? Give your reasons in full. 

A. Yes. The case of infants is an exception to the rule, that a 
servant, who voluntarily leaves his position, cannot recover for 
the services already rendered. " In an action by an infant to re- 
cover for work and labor, it is neither a defense nor a ground for 
reducing the damages, that the work was done under a contract 
by the infant to labor for a fixed period of time, which he violated 
by leaving the defendant's employ without cause, before the time 
expired." Whitmarsh v. Hall, 3 Denio, 375. 

Q. A, on December 1, 1899, hires B by verbal agreement to 
work for him for one year from January 1, 1900. B enters upon 
the employment and works for six months. A, not being satisfied 
with B's work, discharges him^ B brings action to recover for the 
services performed. A defends on the ground that the contract 
is void under the Statute of Frauds. Judgment for whom and 
why? 

A. Judgment for B. As A was unjustly enriched by the serv- 
ices of B, the latter can recover as upon a quantum meruit. The 
statute would be a good defense if the action were brought upon 
the contract, but here a recovery is allowed on the principle of 
quasi contract. " Where services are rendered under a contract 
void by the Statute of Frauds, no action can be maintained to re- 



QtJASI CONTRACTS. 265 

cover their value, except upon the default of the other party or 
his refusal to go on with the contract." Galvin v. Prentice, 45 
N. Y. 162. 

Q. Plaintiff, seeing fire spreading on defendant's land during 
defendant's absence, hired men to put it out, and thereby saved 
defendant's house from destruction. He sues defendant for the 
money expended. What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. He cannot recover for the services were purely gratuitous, 
and the principle of unjust enrichment does not apply in such a 
case. " Labor or services voluntarily done or performed by the 
plaintiff for the defendant without his privity or request, however 
meritorious or beneficial it may be to the defendant, as in saving 
his property from destruction by fire, affords no right of action." 
Bartholomew v. Jackson, 20 Johns. 28. 

Q. A makes an agreement with B to purchase a piece of land 
from him for |5,000. The agreement is verbal, but A pays to B 
■1500 to bind the bargain. On the next day, A becoming dissatis- 
fied with his contract and receiving a more advantageous offer from 
a third party, demands the return of his |500 from B. B comes 
to you for advice. What would you inform him are his rights ? 

A. B has a right to retain the #500. A cannot invoke the prin- 
ciple of unjust enrichment in his favor, for he has himself broken 
the contract ; he cannot found a recovery upon his own breach. 
B has no right of action to compel specific performance, as the con- 
tract is void under the Statute of Frauds, being a contract for the 
sale of lands which, under sec. 224 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, 
must be in writing ; part payment does not take the case out of 
the statute. Lawrence v. Miller, 86 N. Y. 131. 

Q. A agrees with B to build a house for him and deliver the same 
completed by October 1, 1900. A performs most of the work, and 
the house is substantiallj'- completed by September 15, 1900, but 
has not been delivered into the possession of B, and on the 16th of 
September is destroyed by fire. B has already paid to A several 
installments of the price, amounting in all to $1,000. On Octo- 
ber 2, A not having delivered the house, B brings action to recover ■ 
the money paid and also damages for non-performance of the con- . 
tract. Can the action be maintained ? State your reasons. 



266 QUASI CONTKACTS. 

A. Yes. This seems rather a harsh case, but recovery is allowed 
on the ground that A not having performed his contract by deliv- 
ering the house, would be unjustly enriched by a retention of the 
monej'. " One who has agreed to build a house on the land of an- 
other, and has substantially performed his contract, but has not 
completely finished the house nor delivered it, when it is destroyed 
by fire, is liable to an action for money advanced upon the contract 
and damages for its non-performance. Where a party engages un- 
conditionally by express contract to do an act, performance is not 
excused by inevitable accident, or other unforeseen contingency 
not within his control." Tompkins v. Dudley, 25 N. Y. 272. 

Q. A agrees to do certain fresco painting in the house of B. He 
enters upon the work, and when it is about half finished, the build- 
ing is destroyed by fire. A brings action to recover for the Value 
of the work already finished. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes. A recovery is allowed in this case, on the ground 
that there is an implied condition annexed to the contract, of the 
continued existence of the thing upon which the work is to be 
done. The owner of the house must keep itin readiness for the per- 
formance of the work, and even though it is destroyed without his 
fault, he is liable for the labor actually performed thereon before 
its destruction. Niblo v. Binsse, 3 Abb. Court of Appeals Dec. 
375. 

Q. A enters B's house and agrees to perform certain services 
for him without compensation. He works for two years and then 
leaves. He subsequently brings action to recover for the value 
of the services rendered. Can he recover ? 

A. No. The principle of unjust enrichment does not apply to 
this case. "Where one agrees to work for another " gratuitously, 
although he may afterward refuse to do so, he cannot recover for 
the services rendered." Doyle v. Church, 133 N. Y. 372. 

Q. A wrongfully took and converted to his own use, the horse 
of B valued at flOO. B sues A on contract for goods sold and 
delivered. Above facts were shown on trial, and the defendant 
moved for a dismissal. Ruling and reasons. 

A. Judgment for B. " The owner of personal property which 



QUASI COKTRACTS. 2G7 

has been wrongfully converted by another, may, although the 
property is retained by the wrongdoer, waive the tort, and sue for 
and recover its value, as upon an implied contract of sale." Terry 
V. Munger, 121 N. Y. 161. 

Q. A and B wrongfully take a carriage belonging to C. C 
brings an action on an implied contract to recover its value. He 
recovers judgment and issues execution, but the same is returned 
unsatisfied. He then discovers that the carriage is in the posses- 
sion of D, having been bought from B. He brings an action of 
replevin against D. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for D. By bringing an action on contract, C 
elected to treat the transaction as a sale, and the title thereby 
passed to the wrongdoers ; therefore the wrongdoers could pass 
a good title, and C must therefore fail in his action of replevin 
against D. Terry v. Munger, supra. 



I 



Q. A is induced to deal with B, to his damage, by means of 
B^s false representations. He brings suit on contract for dam- 
ages, but afterwards discontinues the action, and sues in fraud 
and deceit. B interposes a demurrer to the second suit. Judg- 
ment for whom and why ? „ 

A. Judgment for B. A, having with knowledge of the fraud, 
brought an action on contract, thereby elected to affirm the con- 
tract, and he could not thereafter repudiate it and sue in tort. 
He is bound by his election of remedies. Where one has two 
remedies, and he elects to pursue one, he cannot thereafter follow 
the other. " Where a party takes legal steps to enforce a con- 
tract, this is a conclusive election not to rescind on account of 
anything then known to him." Conrow v. Little, 115 N. Y. 387. 

Q. A brings an action against B, for conversion of property. 
Judgment against A on the ground that it was a sale. Can A 
thereafter maintain an action for the value of the property ? 

A. Yes. " The institution by a party of a fruitless action, 
which he has not the right to maintain, will not preclude him 
from asserting tjie right he really possesses. Defendants, by 
their contention, succeeded in establishing that there was an ab- 
solute sale, and that therefore plaintiff had mistaken his remedy, 



268 QUASI CONTRACTS. 

and they cannot now set up the judgment which they then ob- 
tained, to prevent the plaintiff from recovering the purchase price 
of the property, which they formerly urged and established was 
sold to them by him, and which it is conceded they have not paid 
for, and thus not only retain the property but also the purchase 
price. Plaintiff here did not make an election of remedies ; he 
simply made a mistake as to what his remedy was. There must 
be two remedies from which to elect. It is not enough that he 
supposed he had two remedies, he must have them in fact." 
McNutt V. Hilkins, 80 Hun, 235. 



KEAL PROPERTY. 269 



CHAPTER XVL 

Real Property. 

Q. A sells to B by oral agreement, certain trees which are grow- 
ing upon his lands, with liberty to cut and remove them at any 
time within two years. Part of the trees were cut and removed, 
but A refused to permit any more to be taken, and for this, B 
brings suit against A. A defends on the ground that the con- 
tract is void under the Statute of Frauds. Judgment for whom 
and why ? 

A. Judgment for A. This contract, being one for an intei-est in 
lands, must be in writing under the Statute of Frauds. Sec. 224 
of the Real Property Law of 1896 says : " That a contract for the 
sale of real property or an interest therein is void, unless the con- 
tract, or a note or memorandum thereof, is in writing, subscribed 
by the grantor, or his lawfully authorized agent." Those things, 
as growing trees, which are the natural products of the soil, and 
not the result of husbandry or cultivation, are realty. A contract 
for the sale of them, is a contract for the sale of an interest in land. 
Those things, as annual crops and corn, wheat and the like, which 
are the result of cultivation of the soil, are personalty, and a con- 
tract for the sale of them is not required to be evidenced by writ- 
ing. Kilmore v. Hewlett, 48 N. Y. 569. 

Q. A dies leaving a farm, upon which there is growing grass 
and corn. To whom does the grass and corn belong, the heir-at- 
law, or the administrator ? 

A. The grass belongs to the heir-at-law, and the corn goes to the 
administrator; the former being considered as realty, while the 
, latter as personalty. A distinction has always b een taken between 
growing crops of grain and vegetables,' s uch as wheat , corn, and 
potatoes, the annual produce of labor in the cultivation of the 
earth, and growing trees, fruit, and grass, the natural produce of 
the earth, which grow spontaneously and without cultivation. The 



270 EBAL PKOPEETY. 

grass and fruits growing on the lands, belonging to an intestate at 
the time of his decease, are not assets belonging to the administrator, 
but descend with the land to the heir. Kain v. Fisher, 6 N. Y. 
597. The crops being treated as personalty, pass to the adminis- 
trator. Green v. Armstrong, 1 Denio, 552. 

Q. A, by will, devises all his real property to his son John, and 
all his personal property to his daughter Mary. At the time of 
his death there were one hundred acres of wheat growing upon the 
farm, about half of which had been cut and bounds There was also 
a large orchard, and one hundred bushels of apples had been picked 
and barrelled. A has debts amounting to #1,000, which either the 
apples or wheat will satisfy. To whom, and in what shares do the 
apples and wheat belong, and out of which must the debt be paid ? 

A. The wheat that has been cut, and the apples that have been 
picked are personalty, and therefore go to the daughter ; the apples 
on the trees, go to the son. The cut wheat, and the picked apples 
must be used to satisfy the debt. If the uncut wheat is not needed 
for the payment of the testator's debts, it passes to the devisee, and 
the devisee has a right to call upon the executors to apply to the 
payment of the debts, all other personal property not specifically 
bequeathed, before recourse is had to the crops. When' the owner 
of the land has made a will devising the lands to a certain per- 
son, it is said that there is evidence of an intention on his part, to 
have those lands go to the deviseS in the condition in which they 
are at his decease. " Where land,<.upon which a crop is growing, 
is devised in such form, as to convey it to the devisee, the crop is 
put upon the footing of a chattel specifically bequeathed, and cannot 
be sold for the payment of general legacies, but only for the pay- 
ment of debts, after the other assets, not specifically bequeathed, 
have been appUed." Stall v. Wilbur, 77 N. Y. 15$. 

Q. A cherry tree stands wholly upon the lands of A, with limbs 
overhanging the lands of B. The lands of A and B were separated 
by a rail fence. To whom do the cherries on the limbs of the tree 
which overhang the land of B, belong? Answer in full. Reasons. 

A. The ownership of the entire tree follows the ownership of 
the entire land upon which the trunk of the tree stands, and that, 
regardless of the fact that a part of the roots may extend into the 
neighboring land. Therefore, the entire fruit of the tree, includ- 



KBAL PROPERTY. 271 

iiig that growing on the overhanging branches, belongs to A. Tlie 
owner of the tree has a right to reasonably go upon the adjoining 
land and pick his fruit ; it is an involuntary trespass, because the 
overhanging is an act of nature. While it is true that the owner- 
ship of the overhanging branches is in him on whose land the trunk 
of the tree stands, nevertheless the overhanging branches constitute 
a nuisance, in that they interfere with the enjoyment, by the owner, 
of the adjoining land of his premises. The adjoining owner, there- 
fore, has the right to abate this nuisance by his own act, without 
calling on the courts to aid him, that is, he may sever the branches 
at the boundary line, even though by his doing so, the tree would 
be deprived of life. That would simply be the natural exercise 
by the owner of the adjoining land over which the limbs projected, 
of his legaL right to abate a nuisance. He has no right to make 
use of the branches cut for fuel or other purposes, for he would 
then be making use of another's property. Hoffman v. Armstrong, 
48 N. Y. 201. 

Q. A sells to B, by deed, a farm upon which there is at the time 
eight cords of wood piled in the woods, and a quantity of manure 
piled in heaps. B goes into possession and uses the wood and 
manure. A sues B for wrongfully retaining possession of the ma- 
nure and the wood, claiming an oral agreelnent on the part of B to 
allow him to take it away. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A." The wood having been severed from the 
land is personalty and so belongs to the vendor even without an 
agreement. As to the manure, B should have judgment, for in 
New York the holding is that manure, whether spread upon the 
farm or in heaps, is realty. Goodrich v. Jones, 2 Hill, 142 ; Little- 
brook V. Corwin, 15 Wend. 169. Conceding the agreement to 
have been made, as to the manure, it is not enforceable ; it is a 
reservation of a part of the realty, and must be excepted by the 
deed or a separate contract in writing to comply with the Statute 
of Frauds. Austin v. Sawyer, 9 Cowen, 39. 

Q. A and B own adjoining lands ; a barn on A's land stands on 
stone abutments. A sells B fifteen feet next to B's lot, and the 
deed makes no reservation. The fifteen foot line cut the barn in 
two. A parol agreement that A could remove the barn, was made 
between the parties, and A has done so. B sues for damages. Can 
he recover? 



272 KBAL PKOPEETY. 

A. Yes. "Where lands and buildings thereon belong to the 
same person, the buildings are a part of the realty, and pass upon a 
conveyance thereof, and neither the grantor, nor those claiming 
under him, may show that it was agreed by parol that a building 
should be reserved. He can retain title to the building only by 
some reservation in the deed, or by an agreement in writing an- 
swering the Statute of Frauds. Leonard v. Clough, 133 N. Y. 292. 

Q. A was erecting an apartment house in the city of New York, 
and contracted with B for certain mirror frames to be put in places 
left in the walls for that purpose. The frames were made and fas- 
tened in the walls by hooks and screws ; if they were removed, the 
walls would appear unfinished. The frames corresponded with the 
cabinet work of the rooms. After the completion of the work, A 
failing to pay for the same, B files a mechanic's lien. Can he do 
so? State your reasons. 

A. Yes, as the mirrors formed part of the realty. The intention 
of the person at whose instance the annexation is made, to make 
these mirrors a permanent accession to the freehold, is directly ap- 
parent. There is an actual annexation made during the process of 
building. These mirrors were not brought into the house as a 
completed article of furniture, but they formed a part of the com- 
pletion of the structure. The facts show that they were an essen- 
tial part of the inner surface of the building ; that they were of 
material and construction to correspond with the fittings of the 
building ; that they were fastened to the walls by hooks and screws ; 
while they might be removed, nevertheless their removal would 
have left an unfinished wall, and would have required work to sup- 
ply their absence. It is from these circumstances that the inten- 
tion to make them a part of the realty is gathered. See Ward v. 
Kirkpatrick, 85 N. Y. 413. In McCabe v. Hanover, 81 N. Y. 38, 
where mirrors were brought into a house after its completion, as 
mere furniture for the purpose of ornament, it was held that they 
were personalty. 

(XoTE ON FrxTURES.) Fixtuies are articles which in tliemselves are personal 
property, but which by the actual or constructive annexation to the freehold, 
have become a part of it, and consequently have taken on the form of realty. 
The paramount test, whether a given article be a part of the realty, or whether 
it remains personalty, is the intention with which the annexation is made; 
that intention is the apparent and evident intention, and which may be found 
in an express agreement to that efEect, or in the absence of an express agree- 



REAL PROPERTY. 273 

ment, it must be gathered from the following circumstances: The character of 
the annexation; the adaptability of the thing annexed to the use of the free- 
hold to which it is annexed; the relationship existing between the parties be- 
tween whom the question as to whether the given article be a part of the realty 
or not arises, and in connection with the last test, the rule is that as between 
vendor and vendee, and as between mortgagor and mortgagee, the courts will 
adjudge the property annexed to be real estate rather than personal pi-operty, 
and consequently passing by a conveyance of the land. As between heir-at-law 
and personal representatives, executors and administrators, the same strict 
rule that is applied as between vendor and vendee applies, and that the ai'tlcle 
affixed will go to the heir-at-law, unless a contrary intention on the part of the 
testator be evidenced from the circumstances. But as between landlord and 
tenant, the rule is greatly relaxed, and as between them, articles which are af- 
fixed for ornament, or for the purpose of domestic convenience, and certain ar- 
ticles affixed for the purpose of trade, will be held to be personalty, and remov- 
able by the tenant. Bishop v. Bishop, 11 N. Y. 123; Snedacker v. Waring, 
12 N. T. 170; Murdook v. Gifford, 18 N. Y. 28. 

Q. A leases land of B for one year, and puts one building thereon 
for the purpose of his business. At the expiration of the year, 
the lease is renewed for three years. The second lease is in writ- 
ing, and does not mention building in any way. A short time be- 
fore the expiration of the second lease, A desiring to terminate his 
tenancy, consults you as to his right to remove the building. 
What would you advise are his rights? 

A. He has no right to remove the building. The tenant must 
remove fixtures during the term in which he erects them. If he 
fails to remove them during the term, there is an abandonment of 
the fixtures to the owner of the land ; title to them passes to 
him. The taking of a new lease, though it be on the same terms 
of the original lease, is not a waiver of the abandonment, and the 
tenant cannot, during the second term, created by the giving of a 
new lease, remove the fixtures ; his rights in them are lost by his 
failure to remove them during the first term. If the tenant desires 
the right to remove the fixtures, he must reserve that right ex- 
pressly to himself in the new lease. Loughran v. Ross, 45 N. Y. 
792. " The right of a tenant, to remove fixtures erected for trade, 
is conceded to him for reasons of public policy, and being in the 
nature of a privilege he must exercise it before the creation of 
the term, or before he quits the premises." Talbot v. Cruger, 161 
N. Y. 117. 

Q. A and B each own adjoining lots ; each has a well on his 
18 



274 KBAL PEOPEBTY. 

own lot. B gets angry at A, and maliciously sinks his well deep 
enough to destroy the general source, thereby drying up A's well 
completely. What action, if any, has A against B ? State the 
general rule. 

A. A has no right of action against B. Percolating waters 
belong to the owner of the land through which they percolate, and 
he may do what he sees fit with the waters. He may take the 
waters absolutely, and appropriate them to his own use. If there 
is an interference with percolating waters, preventing them from 
reaching the neighboring land, that interference does not give rise 
to a right of action. It is not a violation of any legal right, so 
that even though the interference be due to an improper motive, 
though it be actuated by malice, yet it will not give rise to 
a right of action, because where there is no violation of a legal right, 
motive is of no moment. "A party is not liable for the con- 
sequence of an act done upon his own land, lawful in itself, and 
which does not infringe upon any lawful rights of another, because 
he was influenced in the doing of it by wrong and malicious motives ; 
the courts will not inquire into the motive actuating a person in the 
enforcement of a legal right." Phelps v. Nowlen, 72 N. Y. 39. 

Q. A and B own adjoining lots. B has been receiving the per- 
colating waters from A's land as a supply to his (B's) well for 
more than twenty-five years. At the end of this period, A sinks a 
well on his own land, the effect of which is to cut off the percola- 
tions which supply B's well. B brings action against A to prevent 
him from cutting off the percolations. Can he do so ? Answer 
fully. 

A. No, as there is no prescriptive right. In order to have a 
prescriptive right, there must be an act done, which is a violation 
of a right in the other, and this violation must continue for twenty 
.years ; a wrong, which by a continuance thereof for twenty years, can 
ripen into a right. There is nothing in these cases that can give 
rise to a prescriptive right, because the act of the owner of the land 
to which the percolating waters come, at no time, is a violation of 
a right in the other, to which the other may be said to assent im- 
pliedly ; so that a right to have percolating waters come to one's 
land cannot be acquired by simple continuance of the use of such 
waters, for the period of twenty years. The fact that the owner 



REAL PEOPEKTY. 275 

of the land through which the waters percolate, who, by reason of 
his ownership in the land, has title to those waters, has taken no 
steps to prevent the water percolating, does not deprive him of the 
right to those waters. Dagor v. Collins, 23 Barb. 444 ; Bloodgood 
V. Ayres, 108 N. Y. 400. 

Q. A is the owner of certain land through which certain waters 
flow to the X stream. This stream is used by the city of Buffalo 
as a reservoir. He digs a ditch which cuts off the supply of 
water. The city brings action against him to restrain his act. 
Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for the city. " Whatever may be the rule in re- 
spect to the right of a landowner to use the water percolating 
through the earth, and thereby to affect the sources of wells and 
springs upon his neighbor's land, he may not divert and diminisk 
the natural flow of a surface stream, by preventing its usual and 
natural supply, or by causing through suction or otherwise, a 
subsidence of its waters." Smith v. City of Brooklyn, 160 N. Y. 
357. 

Q. A and B are adjoining owners. There are two springs in 
A's land, one of which A uses for his own water supply, and for a 
valuable consideration accompanied by covenants of warranty, he 
grants to B the right to use the other spring. B lays pipes in 
order to conduct the water to his own house for his domestic use. 
Subsequently A's spring dries up, and he sinks a well near the 
spring granted to B, thus cutting off its source and supply, and 
rendering it worthless. B brings action against him. Can he 
recover ? 

A. No. " A limited and specific grant of the right to dig and 
stone up a certain spring, and conduct the water therefrom through 
the grantor's land by pipes, to the grantee's house, with covenants 
of warranty, does not render the entire premises servient to the 
easement ; and the grantor may lawfully sink another spring, al- 
though the effect is to render the first one useless." Bliss v. 
Greely, 45 N. Y. 671. 

(Mote.) In Johnston Cheese Mfg. Co. v. Veghte, 69 N. Y. 16, it was said: 
" But there was no grant in that case (Bliss v. Greely, supra) of any partic- 
ular supply of water from the spring, or from tlie defendant's land. The grant 
was merely of the right to the spring, and secured the plaintiff no greater 



276 REAL PEOPEETY. 

rights, than such as he would have had, if he would have owned the land upon 
which it was situated. In this case, the grant was of the use of the water, 
which at the time of the grant was being conducted from the spring, and the 
intent was to secure the continuance of the supply of water, it being essential 
to the operation of the cheese factory conveyed." 

Q. A gives B permission to open a road on A's farm. B imme- 
diately fenced in the way, and spent considerable money thereon in 
grading and making it an appropriate way to his farm. B has ex- 
clusive and unrestricted use thereof as a road to his farm for thirty 
years. Then A barred up the way with gates and fences, and pre- 
vented B from using the road in any way thereafter. B brings 
action to restrain him. Can he succeed ? What principle of law 
is involved? 

A. B cannot maintain the action, as the permission given was a 
mere license, and so revocable at any time at A's pleasure. The 
distinction must be drawn between an easement and a license. An 
easement is an interest in land, an incorporeal hereditament created 
by grant or prescription ; it gives rise to an estate in the land, and 
is therefore irrevocable. A license does not give the licensee any 
estate or interest in the land ; it is a mere permit to do something 
on the land, and may be revoked by the licensor at any time, even 
though it has been used for longer than the period necessary for 
the acquiring of a prescriptive right, for there is never any viola- 
tion of a right in the licensor, it being by his permission, and so 
no prescriptive right arises. Licenses may be given by parol, ease- 
ments can only be created by deed, or may arise by twenty years' 
adverse user. A mere license is not made irrevocable by the fact 
that a valuable consideration was paid therefor. Wiseman v. 
Luckinger, 84 N. Y. 31. "There can be no^ equitable estoppel, 
which will operate to prevent the revocation of a license, grounded 
upon the fact that the licensee has entered upon the land and ex- 
pended labor and money upon the faith of the license. It seems, 
that an easement to do some act of a permanent nature upon the 
lands of another cannot be created by a license, even when in writ- 
ing executed upon a good consideration ; it can only be created 
by a deed or conveyance operating as a grant." Peckham, J., in 
White V. Manhattan R. R. Co., 139 N. Y. 19. 

Q. A conveyed by warranty deed to B, ten acres of land, sur- 
rounded on three sides by his remaining land, and on the other 



REAL PROPERTY. 277 

side by the land of 0, so that B has no way in getting to and from 
his ten acres, except to cross A's or C's land. Afterwards, B buys 
C's tract from him, and has easy access to the road ; he, however, 
claims a right of way over A's land. What are the rights and ob- 
ligations of tlie parties ? Give your reasons in full. 

A. When B bought A's land, he acquired a right of way over 
A's land by way of necessity. This way of necessity ceased when 
B bought C's tract, and acquired an access to the road, because 
when the necessity ceases, the easement also ceases. For a full dis- 
cussion of easements by necessity, see N. Y. Ins. Co. v. Milner, 1 
Barb. Chan. 352. 

Q. A owns the X farm and the I" farm adjoining. He builds a 
road through the Y farm to the X farm, and uses it for thirty 
years. A then sells to B the X farm with all easements, and the 
Y farm to C subject to all easements. C seeks to close the way 
across the Y farm. B comes to you for advice. What are his 
rights ? 

A. B can prevent the closing of the way as he has an easement. 
" The owner of real property has, during his o\vnership, entire 
dominion and control over its natural qualities, and may dispose 
of and arrange them at will. He may alter the natural disposi- 
tions of those qualities, so as essentially to change the relative 
value of the different parts, and may, in a great variety of ways, 
make one portion of the premises subservient to another. No ease- 
ment exists so long as there is a unity of ownership, because the 
owner of the whole may at any time rearrange the qualities of the 
several parts'. But the momenta severance occurs bj' the sale of a 
part, the right of the owner to redistribute the properties of the 
respective portions ceases ; and easements or servitudes are created 
corresponding to the benefits and burdens mutually existing at 
the time of the sale. This rule is not for the benefit of purchasers, 
but is entirely reciprocal. The rule which is general in its appli- 
cation to easements which are continuous, that is self-perpetuating, 
independent of human intervention, as the flow of a stream, is, it 
seems, restricted, in the case of discontinuous easements, that is 
those which only can be had by the intervention of man, as rights 
of way, or a right to draw water, to such as are absolutely neces- 
sary to the enjoyment of the property conveyed." Selden, J., in 
Lampman v. Milks, 21 N. Y. 505. 



278 REAL PEOPEETY. 

Q. A and B are tenants in common of a tract of land over which 
a stream of water flows. B individually owns land further down 
the stream on which there is a mill. B, without A's consent, dams 
the stream, thus making it overflow the lands owned in common by 
A and B. This is continued for a period of twenty -five years, 
during which time A makes no complaint. B then sells the land 
which he owns individually, and the mill thereon, to X, with the 
privilege of operating the mill and using the dam in the same way 
as used by him. Subsequently A and B together sell their lot, 
which they hold as tenants in common, to Y. Y brings an action 
against X fbr flooding his land. X sets up a prescriptive right. 
Is this defense good ? 

A. The defense is not good.- " One tenant in common cannot, 
by his sole act, create an easement in the premises held in common. 
Nor can a tenant in common, who holds other premises in sever- 
alty, so use the last as to acquire or exercise for the benefit thereof, 
an easement in the property held in common, and he cannot by 
grant, or operation of an estoppel, or otherwise, confer upon an- 
other rights and privileges which he does not himself possess." 
Crippen v. Morse, 49 N. Y. 63. 

Q. Plaintiff leased to the defendant a house for the term of one 
year, rent payable at the end of the term. Defendant took pos- 
session. The plaintiff against the protests of the defendant, re- 
moved the defendant's property into a wing, and prevented the 
defendant from having access to the main building. The defendant 
occupied the wing during the term, when the plaintiff demanded 
the proportionate rent, which the defendant refused to pay. Plain- 
tiff sues upon a quantum meruit. Defendant sets up the facts. 
Plaintiff demurs. For whom should judgment be rendered ? 

A. Judgment for the defendant. " Where the landlord, during 
the continuance of the lease, evicts a tenant from a part of the 
premises, the tenant is relieved, during the continuance of such 
eviction, from the payment of any portion of the rent. The tenant 
under such circumstances is not bound to vacate the premises, 
and is entitled to refuse payment of the rent, until possession of 
the whole of the demised premises is restored. The landlord can- 
not only not recover the rent as rent but cannot even recover the 
value of the portion of the premises, which the tenant still en- 
joySi by means of an action for use and occupation." Carter v. 
Byron, 49 Hun, 299. 



REAL PROPEKTY. 279 

Q. An attorney rented an office in a building ; during his occu- 
pancy, the owner rents the adjoining room to printers. The noise 
of the presses is such, that the lawyer cannot work at all, and each 
day the noise drives him from his office. He remains until his 
lease expires, and in an action for rent sets up the defense of evic- 
tion. Judgment for whom ? 

A. Judgment for the landlord. There was no constructive 
eviction, for the essential element of a constructive eviction is 
abandonment of the possession of the premises. There can be no 
constructive eviction, save where the tenant has actually abandoned 
the premises. Boreel v. Lawton, 90 N. Y. 293. 

(Note on Eviction.) Eviction is either actual or constructive. There is an 
actual eviction of the tenant, whenever he is actually ousted of his possession 
of the premises, or a part thereof, either by a stranger who claims by a title 
paramount to that of his lessor, or by an act of his lessor. If the lands de- 
mised be recovered by a third person under a superior title, there is an actual 
eviction, and the tenant is dischai-ged from liability for the payment of rent 
after the ousting. When there is an eviction as to part of the lands by a 
stranger under a claim of paramount title, the result of this eviction is to 
discharge so much of the rent as is in proportion to the value of the land from 
which the tenant is evicted. If the lessor himself expels the tenant absolutely 
from the premises, the tenant of course is relieved from the necessity of pay- 
ing rent. And as we have already seen, where the tenant is actually ousted 
from a part of the premises by his lessor, he is relieved absolutely from the 
payment of the whole rent. Christopher v. Austin, 11 Jf. Y. 216; Johnson v. 
Oppenheim; 12 Abb; Pr; (Nf St) 449! 

Q. A landlord leases premises to a tenant for one year, rent 
payable monthly. The tenant goes into possession, and after six 
months, the landlord causes a nuisance to exist on the premises 
which renders them untenantable. The tenant ceases to pay rent 
after the beginning of the nuisance, but stays in possession until 
the end of the year, when the landlord sues him for the unpaid 
rent. At the trial, the attorney for tenant requests the court to 
charge the jury as follows : 1. That to create an eviction, it was 
not necessary for the tenant to surrender the premises. 2. That 
the landlord cannot recover rent which accrued after the creation 
of the nuisance. 3. That even if the landlord can recover such 
subsequent rent, the tenant has a counterclaim for damages against 
the landlord. If you were the judge, how would you charge the 
jury on each of these propositions ? 

A. The judge should refuse to charge each request. 1. Con- 



280 REAL PEOPERTY. 

stvuctive eviction results whenever the lessor by his own act, or 
by his own procurement, renders the enjoyment of the -premises 
demised impossible, or diminishes the enjoj'ment of the premises 
to a material extent. But it is absolutely essential, in order to 
have a constructive eviction, that the tenant should abandon the 
premises. Dyett v. Pendleton, 8 Cowen, 727. 2. If the tenant 
remains in possession, he has no defense to an action for rent which 
accrued after the creation of the nuisance. 3. In the absence of ^ 
a covenant to repair, the tenant cannot, in an action for rent 
brought by the landlord, set up as a counterclaim, the damages 
caused by the neglect of the landlord in permitting a nuisance to 
exist on the premises. Edgerton v. Page, 20 N. Y. 281. 

Q. A certain lease expires on May 1, 1899. On that day, the 
tenant's wife is so sick that the doctor positively forbids her re- 
moval. On May 8, 1899, the wife is able to be removed, and 
the tenant quits the premises. The landlord consults you as to 
his rights, if any, against the tenant. What advice would you 
give him? 

A. The landlord can treat the holding over as a renewal of the 
lease for another year. Sickness is no excuse, unless the board of 
health forbids the removal. " When tenants continue in posses- 
sion of the demised premises after the expiration of the year for 
which they were leased, the landlord may regard such holding over 
as creating a new lease for another year. The fact that sickness 
of the wife of the defendant was the sole cause of their remaining 
in possession after the expiration of the term, does not affect the 
right of the landlord in this respect.'y'Herter v. Mullen, 9 App. 
Div. 693." " A renewal of a lease, by reason of a holding over of 
a tenant, will not be implied, where the tenant was prevented from 
moving by the action of the board of health in quarantining the 
family, and forbidding such removal; and the tenant, in such 
case, is liable, if at all, only for the use and occupation for the 
time he actually occupied." Eegan v. Fosdick, 19 Misc. 489. 

Q. A, by a written lease, in, which there is no covenant to 
repair, rents certain property to B. During the tenancy, the roof 
leaks so as to render the upper story of the house uninhabitable. 
Who must make the repairs ? 

A. In the absence of a covenant in the lease to that effect, the 



KEAL PEOPEETY. 281 

landlord is never bound to repair ; that duty rests upon the tenant, 
for he is- absolutely in possession of the premises. 45 N. Y. 119 ; 
52 N. Y. 512. 

Q. A leases the Royal Hotel to B for three years. There are 
no covenants in the lease as to who should make the repairs. In 
the first year, the water pipes of the hotel burst, and B was un- 
able to procure a sufficient amount of water for the purposes of 
his business. B remains in possession, but refuses to pay his rent. 
The landlord brings an action to recover the rent, and B defends 
on the ground that the premises were untenantable. Judgment 
for whom and why ? State your reasons. 

A. Judgment for the landlord. " An answer interposed in an 
action, brought to recover the rent of a hotel, alleging that the 
demised premises became untenantable, because the water pipes 
of the hotel burst, and the water supply failed, but not alleging 
that the landlord had covenanted to make repairs to the demised 
premises, does not present a defense. The provisions of the law 
of 1896, relieving a tenant from the payment of rent of a building, 
which without fault or negligence on his part, shall have been de- 
stroyed or injured by the elements or other cause as to be unten- 
antable, have reference to a destruction or injury resulting from 
sudden and unexpected action of the elements or other cause, and 
not to gradual deterioration and decay, produced by the ordinary 
action of the elements. A tenant, even in a case coming within 
the statute, is not discharged from his obligation to pay rent, un- 
less he surrenders up the possession of the demised premises." 
Lansing v. Thompson, 8 App. Div. 54, 

, Q. A holds an estate for life, and B the remainder in fee. The 
city makes an assessment on the property for certain local improve- 
ments. A refuses to pay the same, claiming that the duty to do 
so is upon B, the remainder-man. What are the rights of the par- 
ties? 

A. It is well settled that the duty of paying all current taxes 
as they accrue, is entirely upon the life tenant, and he cannot look 
to the remainder-man for contribution ; if the life tenant neglects 
to pay the taxes, the remainder-man is entitled to proceed against 
him for the appointment of a receiver to collect the rents, and make 
payment of the taxes. Seidenburg v. Seeley, 90 N. Y. 265. A 



282 REAL PEOPERTY. 

municipal assessment differs from a tax in this respect: that the 
tax is a contribution for general governmental purposes, but an as- 
sessment for municipal improvements is a making of compensation 
for benefit received. The general rule is that the municipal as- 
sessment for permanent improvements are apportioned between 
the life tenant and the remainder-man, and the apportionment must 
depend upon the circumstances of each particular case, and the 
respective interests of life tenant and remainder-man. The appor- 
tionment is usually fixed by the probable duration of the life ten- 
ant's term, and this of course depends upon the age of the life 
tenant, etc. Beck v. Sherwood, 66 N. Y. 615 ; Thomas v. Evans, 
105 N. Y. 601. 

Q. A, who is a married man, purchases a certain piece of land, 
paying $5,000 in cash, and giving a mortgage for the remainder. 
After his death, the mortgage is still upon the property, and the 
widow claims dower in the whole property. What are her rights ? 
State the rule. 

A. The widow is not entitled to dower in the whole of the prop- 
erty but only in the amount in excess of the purchase money 
mortgage. Mills v. Van Voorliis, 20 N. Y. 412. Sec. 173 of the 
Real Prop. Law of 1896 contiiiues this rule, and is as follows : 
" Where a husband purchases lands during the marriage, and at 
the same time mortgages his estate in those lands, to secure the 
payment of the purchase money, his widow is not entitled to dower 
in those lands, as against the mortgagee or those claiming under 
him, although she did not unite in the mortgage." 

(Note.) Dower is an estate for life, which the widow is entitled to in one- 
third of all the lauds whereof her husband was seized at any time during the 
coverture. The requisites necessary are : 1. A valid marriage. 2. Seisin of 
the husband of an estate of inheritance at some time during the coverture. 
3. Death of the husband. 

Q. A and B are husband and wife. Subsequently B, the wife, 
obtains an absolute divorce from her husband. A, the husband, 
dies leaving certain real estate. B claims dower in the same. 
What are her rights ? Suppose A, the husband, obtained a divorce 
for the misconduct of his wife, then would B, the wife, be entitled 
to dower in A's real estate ? 

A. B is entitled to dower in the lands of A, of which he was 
seized, before or at the time the decree of divorce was granted, 



REAL PROPERTY. 283 

but she would not be entitled to dower if the husband had obtained 
a divorce for her misconduct. This is provided for by sec. 176 of 
the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which says : " In case of a divorce 
dissolving the marriage contract for the misconduct of the wife, 
she shall not be endowed." That the wife's inchoate right of 
dower is not affected by a decree of divorce granted for the hus- 
band's misconduct, sec. 1759 of the Code of Civ. Pro. subds. 3, 
4, provide as follows : " Where final judgment is rendered dis- 
solving the marriage, the plaintiff's inchoate right of dower in any 
real property of which the defendant then is, or was theretofore 
seized, is not affected by the judgment." 

Q. A secures an absolute divorce from B, her husband, for his 
misconduct. He subsequently purchases real estate, and dies in- 
testate. A claims dower in the lands. What are her rights ? 

A. She is not entitled to dower. A divorced wife is not en- 
titled to dower in the realty of the husband acquired after the di- 
vorce, for at that time the relation of husband and wife no longer 
exists between them. Kade v. Lauber, 16 Abb. Pr. (N. S.) 288. 

; Q. If an estate in lands is conveyed to John Brown and Jane, 

his wife, how do they hold it ? 

A. They hold it as tenants by the entirety. The estate by the 
entirety still exists ; it was not abolished by the Married Women's 
Acts. The effect of those acts is simply to give to the husband 
and wife each a moiety of the i-ents and profits of the land during 
their joint lives. A grant to two and their heirs at common law 
would have vested in those two, a joint estate, without any words to 
that effect. The statute, however, now provides that such a grant 
shall vest in the grantees an estate in common, and in order to 
create a joint estate, you must have express words to that effect. 
The statute simply applies to joint estates proper, and does not ap- 
ply to estates by the entirety. The result is that the grant to the 
husband and wife, without any words of exception, vests in them 
after the statute as before, an estate by the entirety ; but the 
statute modifies the common-law rule in this, that the husband and 
wife each take a moiety of the rents and profits during their joint 
lives, and the husband is not, as theretofore, entitled to the entire 
rents and profits of the land. Bertles v. Nunan, 92 N. Y. 152 ; 
Zorntlein v. Bram, 100 N. Y. 12. 



284 EEAL PROPEETY. 

Q. A husband and wife hold an estate in lands by the entirety. 
The husband afterwards secures a divorce and remanies. He then 
dies intestate. Wliat are the rights of the parties? State your 
reasons. 

A. The divorce converts the tenancy by the entirety into a ten- 
ancy in common. The first wife therefore holds an undivided 
half in fee simple ; the second wife has dower in the husband's 
one-half interest. " As such tenancy is founded upon the marital 
relation, and upon the legal theory that the husband and wife are 
one, it depends for its continuance on the continance of the relation, 
and when the unity is broken by a divorce, the tenancy is severed ; 
each takes a proportionate share of the property as a tenant in com- 
mon. There is no implied condition annexed to the estate by the 
entirety, that the grantees shall remain faithful to the marriage vow, 
or that either shall not by misconduct cause a severance of the 
marital relation, and a decree of divorce granted, because of adul- 
tery, does not vest the whole title in the innocent party." Peck- 
ham, J., in Stelz V. Shreck, 128 N. Y. 263. 

i^ Q. A and B, who are husband and wife, hold an estate as tenants 
by the entirety. A, the husband, executes a mortgage on the lands. 
The mortgage is foreclosed, and C purchases the property at the 
foreclosure sale. 'What interest and rights does he acquire ? 

A. In Htiles v. Fisher, 144 N. Y. 306, it was held : " Where a 
husband executed a mortgage on lands deeded to him and his wife, 
that the mortgage was effectual to cover his interest, which was a 
right to the use of an undivided half of the estate during their 
joint lives, and to the fee in case he survived her, and that the pui^ 
chaser on the sale under foreclosure of the mortgage acquired this 
interest, and became a tenant in common with the wife, subject to 
her right of survivorship. The grand characteristic which distin- 
guishes a tenancy by the entirety from a joint tenancy, is its in- 
severabLLity, whereby neither husband nor wife, without the assent 
of the other, can dispose of any part of the estate, so as to affect 
the right of survivorship in the other." 

(Note.) " Under a deed made since the enabling act to a husband and wife, 
which provides in express terms that they should take as joint tenants, and 
not as tenants in common, the wife takes and holds as a joint tenant with her 
husband, and not as a tenant by the entirety." Joos v. Fey, 129 N. Y. S62. 



EBAL PKOPEETY. 285 

Q. A, the wife of B, takes an undivided one-half interest in cer- 
tain real estate by descent. B subsequently purchases the remain- 
der. A, the wife, dies leaving one child, and B claims the estate 
as survivor. What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. B is not entitled to the whole estate as survivor, for the es- 
tate was not held by them as tenants by the entirety, not being 
created by the same deed. They hold as tenants in common, and 
there is no incident of survivorship annexed to that estate ; on the 
death of either tenant, his undivided half descends to his heirs. 
If there were an estate by the entirety here, the entire estate would 
go to the survivor just as in joint tenancies. The wife, having died 
intestate, the husband is entitled to curtesy, a life estate in her un- 
divided ha'lf of the land, and the child to the remainder in fee. 
The estate of curtesy at the death has not been abolished. It, 
however, i)btains only where the wife chooses to die intestate. She 
can bar the right by deed or will. " The common-law rights of a 
husband as a tenant by the curtesy are not affected by the acts of 
1848 for the more effectual protection of the property of married 
women as to the real property of the wife undisposed of at her 
death." Hatfield v. Sneden, 54 N. Y. 280. The essentials of an 
estate by the curtesy are : 1. A lawful marriage. 2. Seisin by the 
wife of an estate of inheritance during the coverture. 3. Issue 
born^ive, capable of inheriting the estate. 4. The death of the 
wife. It will be noticed that an estate by the curtesy is an estate 
for life in all the lands of the wife, while dower is merely a life in- 
terest in one-third of all the lands of the husband. 

Q. A and B are husband and wife. They have a child C, which 
dies at the age of six years. After the death of the child, the wife 
becomes seized in fee of a piece of real estate and dies intestate, 
leaving a brother as her only heir-at-law. What interest in the- 
estate are the husband and brother respectively entitled to ? 

A. The Imsband is entitled to a life interest in the property; 
the brother to the remainder in fee. The husband is entitled to a 
life estate (curtesy) as there was a child born alive capable of in- 
heriting the estate ; it matters not that the child died before the 
wife. All the other elements of the estate by the curtesy are also 
present : seisin by the wife of an estate of inheritance, and death 
of the wife intestate. Leach v. Leach, 21 Hun, 381. 



286 REAL PROPERTY. 

Q. A contracts with B to sell the latter a house and lot. A re- 
ceived title from his wife by means of a quitclaim deed. The 
wife had a good right to convey the same. A offered the deed to 
B, who comes to you. What would you advise him ? 

A. B has a right to refuse to take the property. " A release of 
dower by the wife directly to her husband will not divest her 
dower, so as to enable the husband to convey good title by his sole 
deed. If effectual at all on delivery of such release, the husband 
becomes the owner of the property, and the wife becomes entitled 
to dower therein." Wightman v. Schliefer, 45 N. Y. St. Rep. 698. 

Q. A description reads as follows : Commencing at the corner 
of A and B street, running thence along B seventy-five chains, 
thence one hundred chains parallel with A street, to a hemlock 
tree ; thence along the margin of A to the beginning. The meas- 
urements show that the one hundred chain course is twenty-five 
chains short of reaching the hemlock tree. Who'has the twenty- 
five chains, grantor or grantee ? 

A. The grantee. Boundaries by fixed objects or monuments 
must control over measurements, upon the presumption that all 
grants are made with reference to an actual view of the premises 
by the parties thereto. Raynor v. Timerson, 46 Barb. 518. 

Q. A owns property abutting on a non-navigable stream. He 
conveys the land to B. To how much, if any, of the stream does 
B get title ? 

A. A deed conveying property bounded on a non-navigable 
stream passes title to the grantee to the center of the stream, just 
as it would in the case of a tract bounded upon a highway. Peo- 
ple V. Jones, 112 N. Y. 597. 

Q. A sells a farm to B for $10,000. B does not record his deed, 
but goes into actual possession. Afterwards, A sells the farm to 
C for $8,000. C records his deed. Who owns the property ? 

A. B owns the property. " One, who seeks to establish a right 
in hostility to a recorded title, or to security upon land, by virtue of 
an unrecorded conveyance, must show actual notice to the purchaser 
of his rights, or circumstances which will put a prudent man on his 
guard. Constructive possession will not suffice." Brown v. Vol- 



REAL PKOPEETY. 287 

kening, 6-i N. Y. 76. " The possession, which will constitute con- 
structive notice of an unrecorded deed to a subsequent purchaser, 
must be under the deed and actual, open and visible, so that the 
subsequent purchaser could have gone upon the land and obtained 
by inquiry information." Page v. Waring, 76 N. Y. 463. 



288 SALES. 



CHAPTER XVII. 

Sales. 

Q. A mortgages to B all the wheat and corn which he is about 
to sow on his farm. When the same is planted, and before it can 
be harvested, C, an execution creditor, levies on the wheat and 
corn. B, by virtue of his mortgage, claims that his lien is prior. 
What are the rights of the parties ? Answer in full. 

A. C, the execution creditor, has a prior lien, because to, effec- 
tuate a mortgage, the thing mortgaged must have an actual or po- 
tential existence. " A chattel mortgage cannot as a matter of law 
be given future effect as a lien upon personal property, which at 
the time of the delivery of the mortgage was not in existence, either 
actually or potentially, where rights of creditors have intervened. 
The mortgage can only operate on property in actual existence at 
the time of its execution. Such mortgage may, as between the 
parties, be regarded in equity as an executory agreement to give a 
lien when the property comes into existence ; some further act 
thereafter is requisite to make it an actual and effectual lien against 
creditors. Crops which are the annual products of labor and of 
cultivation of the earth have no actual or potential existence before 
a planting. Such limitation, however, seems to apply only when 
the rights of third persons have intervened. But it would seem 
that there may be a valid agreement to sell, or executory contracts 
of sale, where the subject thereof is something to be subsequently 
acquired by the vendor, though such vendor may not even have a 
potential right at the time in the thing contracted to be sold." 
Rochester Co. v. Rasey, 142 N. Y. 570.- 

(NoTE.) See. 22 of the Personal Property Law of 1897 provides as follows: 
"An agreement for the purchase, sale, transfer or delivery, of a certifioate or 
other evidence of debt issued by the United States, or by any state, or a mu- 
nicipal, or other corporation, or of any share or interest in the stock of any 
bank, corporation, or joint-stock association, incorporated or organized under 
the laws of the United States, or of any state, is not void or voidable for want 
of consideration, or because of the non-payment of the consideration, or be- 



SALES. 



289 



cause, the vendor, at the time of making such contract, is not the owner or 
possessor of the certificate or certificates, or other evidence of debt, share or 
interest." 

Q. A agrees with B, to sell him a certain horse for 1500 ; pay- 
ment to be made at the time of delivery. Before the same can be 
delivered, a fire, breaks out on A's farm, where the horse is being 
kept, and the horse perishes in the flames. B sues A for don-de- 
livery. Judgment for whom? 

A. Judgment for A. In order to have a sale, the thing must 
be in existence at the time when title is to pass. " Where a con- 
tract is made for the sale and delivery of specified articles of per- 
sonal property, under such circumstances that title does not vest 
^in the vendee, if the property is destroyed by accident, without the 
fault of the vendor, so that delivery becomes impossible, the latter 
is not liable to the vendee in damages for non-delivery. The con- 
tract is subject to the implied condition of the continued existence 
of such thing." Dexter v. Norton, 47 N. Y. 62. ' 

^»NQ. A and B make an agreement, whereby A is to deliver to B 
a quantity of wheat, and B is to give him one barrel of "first rate 
superfine flour " for every four bushels of wheat so delivered. A 
delivers 500 bushels of wheat under the agreement, at B's mill. 
A few days thereafter, the mill containing the wheat is destroyed 
by 'fire. A demands the quantity of flour which he is entitled to 
under the agreement, and upon B's failure to deliver the same, 
brings suit. B sets up the destruction of the wheat as a defense. 
Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A, as the terms of the contract imported a sale 
of the wheat ; title passed, and the property was at the risk of B. 
" There is nothing in the contract, that expressly or by implication, 
obliged the defendant to deliver to the plaintiffs flour manufactured 
from his wheat to the exclusion of any other in their possession, or 
which they might subsequently obtain. The agreement on his 
part was satisfied by the delivery of a barrel of " first rate super- 
fine flour " for every four bushels of wheat received from plaintiffs, 
whether manufactured at his mill, or elsewhere obtained by pur- 
chase or otherwise. This is a controlling circumstance to show 
that the parties intended a sale or exchange, and not a bailment. 
The distinction between an obligation to restore the specific thing 
19 



290 SALES. 

received in the same or an altered form, or of returning others 
of equal value, in the same or a different form, is the distinction 
between a sale and a bailment." Norton v. Woodruff, 2 N. Y. 
153. 

Q. A rented a farm with ten cows thereon to B, with the agree- 
ment that B at the termination of the lease was to leave ten cows 
thereon of equal value. The cows died from disease. On whom 
does the loss fall? 

A. The loss falls on B. From the terms of the agreement, the 
same cows delivered were not to be returned, but B was at liberty 
to return others of equal value, therefore title passed to him, and 
fhe cows were at his risk. Smith v. Clark, 21 Wend. 83. 

5^Q. A brewer sold and delivered 50 barrels of ale bearing his 
brand to a retailer, upon the agreement that the barrels were to be 
returned after the ale was drawn, but if any were not returned, he 
should pay i2 apiece for them. B returns 25 of the barrels, and 
is about to return the rest, when they are attached by a creditor 
of his (B). The brewer claims the barrels as his. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. The brewer is entitled to the barrels ; this is a mere bailment, 
and not a sale of the barrels. In Westcott v. Thompson, 18 N. Y. 
363, a case exactly in point, it was held that the property in the 
barrels remained in the vendor, and that the specification of their 
value operated, not to give an election to the vendee to retain them 
at that price but to fix damages in respect to such as he should be 
unable to return." 

X^ Q. A delivers a mare to B, with the understanding that if at 
the end of two months B is satisfied with the mare, he (B) is to 
have title to her on the payment of $500. While in the possession 
of B, and through no fault of his, the mare took sick, and died. 
A brings action against B to recover the value of the mare. Judg- 
ment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for B, as this was a mere bailment with the priv- 
ilege of purchase, and not a sale. In the absence of any negligence 
or want of care on the part of the bailee, he is discharged from 
liability, and the loss must fall upon him who has the title. Where 
the property is delivered for the purpose of trial, with the agree- 



SALES. 291 

ment that if it is satisfactory the receiver will retain it, and pay 
an agreed price for it, the transaction is considered to be a bail- 
ment until the receiver exercises his privilege to purchase ; it then 
becomes a sale. Title does not pass until the exercise of the option 
by the receiver. Whitehead v. Vanderbilt, 10 Daly, 214. 



,Q. A sells B 500 bales of cotton, upon the agreement that if the 
cotton is not satisfactory for the purpose of B's business, he can 
return the same. A sends the cotton to B, who duly receives the 
same. A few days thereafter it is destroyed by fire. B refuses 
to pay for the cotton, claiming that A must bear the loss.^ A brings 
suit. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. " Contracts of sale made on condition that 
the property may be returned at the option of the buyer, carry the 
title to the buyer. The act of returning the goods is a condition 
subsequent which may, if performed, defeat the title already vested. 
If the right of return is not duly exercised, and the property is re- 
tained, the right is forfeited and the sale becomes absolute. Where 
the contract prescribes the time within which a return must be 
made, that time controls ; and if no time is stated, then the vendee 
must return the goods within a reasonable time." Costello v. 
Herbst, 18 Misc. 176. In the question put the transaction was a 
sale with privilege to return, and title passed to B ; therefore the 
loss falls upon him. 

A Q. A -who was not a lawyer, purchased from B as conditional 
vendee, a law library, payment to be made in installments, upon 
condition that the ownership thereof should remain in B until the 
entire amount of the purchase _ price should be paid. The law 
books were delivered to A. The contract of sale and purchase was 
in writing, executed in duplicate, and one duplicate was delivered 
to A at his residence, and was not filed in the office of the clerk of 
the town where he resided. A afterwards, and before he paid for 
the law books, sold them to C, who paid the full price and bought 
in good faith, without notice of B's rights. State whether C ac- 
quired a good title to the law books against B, with your reasons. 

A. No. It is sufficient that the contract was executed in dupli- 
cate, and one duplicate delivered to A, to make the attempted sale 
to C void. Sec. 112 of the Lien Law of 1897 provides as follows : 
" Except as provided in this article, all conditions in a contract for 



292 SALES. 

the conditional sale of goods and chattels accompanied by imme- 
diate delivery and continued possession of the thing to be sold, to 
the effect, that ownership of such goods is to remain in the con- 
ditional vendol", until they are paid for, or until the occurrence of 
a future event or contingency, shall be void as against subsequent 
purchasers, pledgees, or mortgagees in good faith, and as to them, 
the sale shall be deemed absolute, unless such contract of sale con- 
taining such conditions or reservations, or a true copy thereof be 
filed as directed in this article." Sec. 113 provides that the con- 
tract should be filed in the town clerk or register's ofiSce. Sec. 115 
as amended in 1898, provides as follows : " The preceding sections 
of this article do not apply to the conditional sale of household 
goods, law books, law blanks, etc. (enumerating various other 
articles), if the contract for the sale thereof is executed in dupli- 
cate, and one duplicate be delivered to the purchaser." 

Q. B owes A certain money, and gives him a chattel mortgage 
to secure the payment of the debt. There was a default made. 
What steps should A take to foreclose the mortgage ? 

A. A chattel mortgage is a conditional sale, and title to the 
property passes to the mortgagee on default. The mortgage is 
foreclosed by a sale under the power of sale, which is given in the 
instrument. The mortgage may also be foreclosed by an action to 
foreclose a lien upon a chattel under sec. 1737 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro. 

Q. A pledges a diamond with B for the loan of $100. A de- 
faults. What proceedings should B take in realizing upon the 
jewel ? 

A. Sec. 80 of the Lien Law provides as follows : " A lien against- 
personal property, other than a mortgage upon chattels, if in the 
legal possession of the lienor may be satisfied by the public sale of 
such property according to the provisions of this article." Sec. 81 
provides : " That notice of the sale must be given to the pledgor." 
Sec. 82 provides : " That the sale must be advertised." Sees. 83 
and 84 provide for a redemption and the disposition of the pro- 
ceeds, the pledgor to receive the surplus remaining after satisfy- 
ing the lien. 

Q. A, while upon his deathbed, and while in full realization of 



SALES. 293 

his condition, gave to B his bank book on a savings bank, saying 
that he gave it to him as his own. Is this gift valid ? 

A. The gift is valid ; it is a gift causa mortis. " The gift was 
consummated by the delivery of the books, and no other formality 
was needed to constitute the actual delivery of the bank deposit, 
needful to vest the possession and title in the donee ; any delivery 
of property is sufficient to effectuate a gift. To consummate a gift, 
whetlier inter vivos or causa mortis, the property must be actually 
delivered, and the donor must surrender the possession and domin- 
ion thereof to the donee. In the case of gifts inter vivos, the mo- 
ment the gift is thus consummated, it becomes absolute and irrevo- 
cable. But in the case of gifts causa mortis, more is needed. The 
gift must be made under the apprehension of death from some 
present disease, or some other impending peril, and it becomes 
void by the recovery from the disease or escape from the peril. It 
is also revocable by the donor, and becomes void by the death of 
the donee in the lifetime of the, donor. When a gift is made in 
the apprehension of death from some disease from which the donor 
did not recover, and the apparent immediate cause of death wa.s 
some other disease with which he was afi&icted at the same time, 
the gift becomes effectual." Earl, J., hi Ridden v. Thrall, 125 
N. Y. 572. " To constitute a valid gift causa mortis, three things 
are necessary : 1. It must be made with a view to the donor's 
death. 2. The donor must die of that ailment or peril. 3. There 
must be a delivery." Grymes v. Hone, 49 N. Y. 17. 

1 
\/\Q. A hires B by oral contract to make four carriages for 
him for f400, to be finished and delivered within six months. 
B is to furnish the materials, and do the work, the carriages to 
be made in a way that A has directed. B does not perform. 
What are the rights of the parties ? Is the contract within the 
Statute of Frauds ? 

A. A can maintain an action for breach of contract. This con- 
tract does not come within the Statute of Frauds, as it is merely a 
contract for work, -labor, and services, and not for the sale of chat- 
tels. The law in New York is well settled, that a parol Contract 
to manufacture and deliver an article not in esse at the time of the 
making of the contract does not come within the Statute of Frauds. 
Sewall V. Fitch, 8 Cowen, 215. 



294 SALES. 

Q. B, a paper manufacturer, contracts orally with. A, a news- 
paper publisher, to manufacture and deliver to him twenty tons of 
paper in sixty (iays. B does not deliver the paper according to the 
agreement, and, in a suit by A, sets up the Statute of Frauds as a 
defense. Is it good ? 

A. The defense is not good. " A parol contract to manufac- 
ture and deliver a quantity of paper to be thereafter manufac- 
tured at the contractor's mills, is not a contract within the 
■provisions of the Statute of Frauds." Parsons v. Loucks, 48 N. 
Y. 17. 

Q. A goes to the lumber yard of B, and selects certain lumber 
to be delivered to him at his carpenter shop. The price agreed 
upon was $500. B also agreed to cut the lumber in certain sizes. 
The agreement was oral. B tenders the lumber, cut as directed, 
to A, who refuses to receive the same. In an action by B for the 
purchase price, A sets up the Statute of Frauds as a defense. Is 
this a valid defense ? 

A. The defense is good, as the facts show this to be a sale 
of merchandise of more than 150, and therefore within the Stat- 
ute of Frauds. It is not a contract for work, labor, and serv- 
ices, as the articles were in existence at the time of the order, and 
merely required some change to suit the buyer's purposes. Cook 
V. Millard, 65 N. Y. 352. 

Q. A purchases from B several lots and styles of hats, at differ- 
ent prices, but on the same day, amounting in all to $85, the lots 
averaging from flO to $15 each. The goods are to be shipped by 
Adams Express. B delivers the goods to the express company. 
A does not take the goods on their arrival at his place of business. 
B sues for the price. A sets up the Statute of Frauds. Judgment 
for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. The contract is entire, and therefore within 
the Statute of Frauds. A delivery to a carrier specified in a parol 
contract of sale, does not take it out of the operation of the statute, 
there must be an acceptance by the vendee or his authorized agent, 
and an authority to receive for transportation carries with it no 
implied authority to accept. Allard v. Greasert, 61 N. Y. 1. The 
New York Statute pf Frauds contained in sec. 21 of the Personal 



SALES. 295 

Prop. Law of 1897, in so far as it applies to sales, is as follows : 
"Everj' agreement, promise, or undertaking is void, unless it, or 
some note or memorandum thereof be in writing, and subscribed 
by the party to be charged therewith, or by his lawful agent ; if 
such promise, agreement, or undertaking: 6. Is a contract for the 
sale of any goods, chattels, or things in action for the price of 150 
or more, and the buyer does not accept and receive part of such 
goods, or the evidences or some of them of such things in action 
nor at the time pay any part of the purchase money. If the goods 
be sold at public auction, and the auctioneer at the time of the 
sale enters in a sales book, a memorandum specifying the nature 
and price of the property sold, the terms of the sale, the name of 
the purchaser, and the name of the person on whose account the 
sale was made, such memorandum is equivalent in effect to a note 
of the contract or sale subscribed by the party to be charged there- 
with." 

Q. A bought 500 bushels of wheat from B, being a part of a 
large quantity stored in an elevator in charge of C. A paid for 
the wheat in full, and took from B a receipted bill therefor, to- 
gether with an order from B to C to deliver the wheat to A. Be- 
fore the wheat was delivered, or separated from the other wheat in 
the elevator, the whole was burned. A demanded his wheat, and 
brought suit against B to recover back his purchase money. Was 
he entitled to recover ? State your reasons. 

A. No. The title passed to A, and he must therefore bear the 
loss. "Upon the sale of a specified quantity of wheat or grain, 
its separation from a mass, indistinguishable in quality or value in 
which it is included, is not necessary to pass title where the intent 
to do so is otherwise clearly manifested. Here the payment of the 
price, and the delivery of the order for the wheat purchased, 
suflBciently manifested an intent to pass title, and rendered the 
transaction an executed contract without actual separation or 
delivery of the property." Kimberley v. Patchin, 19 N.^Y. 330. 

^^y'-vQ. A, who was a merchant in New York, received from B of 
Chicago, an order for certain goods to be sent by the Penn. R. R. 
Co. A delivered the goods to the railroad company consigned 
to B according to the order. The goods were lost en route. A 
brings suit against the railroad company. The company demurs on 



^96 SALES. 

the ground that he is not the proper party plaintiff. Judgment 
for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for the railroad company. On the delivery to 
the carrier, the title passed absolutely to the consignee, and the 
, plaintiff (consignor) cannot maintain an action for their loss. 
Krulder v. Ellison, 47 N. Y. 36. 



Q. A orders certain goods of B. B ships the goods C. O. D. 
by an express company. The vessel by which the goo^ were 
shipped was lost at sea. Who must bear the loss? Give your 
reasons. 

A. The loss must fall on B. Payment and delivery were to be 
concurrent, and until such payment and delivery title remained 
in tlie vendor, the contract being merely executory ; consequently 
the goods were, while in course of transit, at the risk of the vendor, 
and being lost no action will lie against the vendee for the price. 
It matters not that the goods were sent by a particular carrier 
named by the vendee, for by such delivery and instructions to the 
carrier, the vendor made him his own agent. " But where it is 
apparent from the circumstances under which delivery was made, 
that the vendor did not trust to the ability or readiness of the 
purchaser to perform his contract, and intended to insist upon 
strict prepayment as a condition of delivery by the carrier, such 
delivery by the vendor to the carrier is not within the general rule, 
and does not operate to pass title." Baker v. Boucicault, I Daly, 
23. This case represents the law on this point. The case of 
Higgins V. Murray, 73 N. Y. 562, is not in conflict with it, for 
the question of title was not involved in that case, according 
to the language of the opinion. 

J Q. The defendant sold the plaintifElf horse. It turns out that the 
^defendant was not the true owner, but'nad purchased from a thief.. 
■"The sale to the plaintiff was without a warranty. Plaintiff sues 
, to recover the price paid. Has he a cause of action ? 

A. Plaintiff can recover. In sales of personal property, where 
the vendor at the time has possession, a warranty of title is im- 
plied. Burt V. Dewey, 40 N. Y. 233. 

Q. A agrees to deliver 5,000 tons of coal to B at $5 per ton, 
payment to be made in thirty days. A delivers the coal. B fails 



SALES. 297 

to make payment in thirty days. He is sued by A, and sets up as 
a defense that the coal was not worth $5 per ton, but was worth 
less, because of the slate mixed with it, and tendered into court 
what he considered the reasonable value. At the trial it is estab- 
lished that B had sold part of the coal to his customers. Is B's 
defense good? 

A. B's defense is not good. Where after the discovery of, or 
opportunity to discover any defect in goods delivered under an 
executory contract of sale, the vendee neither returns nor offers to 
return the property, nor gives the vendor notice or opportunity to 
take it back, in the absence of a collateral warranty or agreement 
as to quality, he is conclusively presumed to have acquiesced, and 
may not thereafter complain of inferior quality. A buyer ordina- 
rily takes the thing sold at his own risk as to its quality. Caveat 
emptor is the rule. Copley Iron Co. v. Pope, 108 N. Y. ^IS. 

Q. A agrees to buy the growing crops of B, a tobacco planter, 
the same to be well cured and in good condition at the time of de- 
livery. B sends the tobacco to A, who uses the same in his bus- 
iness. B demands payment of the price but A refuses to pay, 
claiming that some of the tobacco is of an inferior grade. What 
are the rights of B ? 

A. He can recover the purchase price. " A mere executory 
agreement for the sale of a growing crop of tobacco to be delivered 
' well cured and in good condition ' does not amount to an express 
warranty. A failure to deliver merchantable tobacco is a mere 
breach of contract. The defect was waived by the receipt and ac- 
ceptance." Reed v. Randall, 29 N. Y. 358. 

Q. A sells B certain goods, and warrants them to be of a certain 
quality. The goods are delivered. B sells the goods at retail in 
his store. B sues for breach of warranty. A answers, setting up 
the fact that B retained the goods, as a defense. Judgment for 
whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for B. It is well settled that upon the sale and 
delivery of goods, with express warrantj'^, if the goods upon trial 
turn out to be defective, and there is a breach of the warranty, the 
vendee may retain and use the property, and yet have his remedy 
upon the warranty without returning or offering to return. Day 
V. Pool, 62 N. Y. 416. Brigg v. Hilton, 99 N. Y. 517. 



298 SALES. 

Q. A sells a horse to B, warranting him sound and all right; 
the horse is unsound, which fact B could have discovered upon in- 
spection and inquiry. Has B any right of action against A, and 
if so, what are his rights ?, 

A. If the defect was obvious, B cannot recover upon this war- 
ranty, otherwise he can, as an express warranty survives acceptance. 
Day V. Pool, supra. A general warranty does not apply to obvious 
defects apparent upon ordinary inspection by the buyer. Bennett 
V. Buchan, 76 N. Y. 386. 

Q. A sells to B dressed beef, which he says has not been warmed 
before being killed. B takes the meat, and discovers that it has 
been warmed before killing. He keeps the goods. A brings suit 
against him for the purchase price. B sets up a breach of warranty 
by way of counterclaim. Is the counterclaim good ? State your 
reasons. 

A. The counterclaim is good, as A's agreement amounted to an 
express warranty which survived delivery and acceptance. It was 
not necessary, in order to constitute the expregs warranty, that the 
word " warranty " should have been used; a positive affirmation 
as to quality understood and relied upon by the vendee, as such, 
is sufficient. " A warranty is an express or implied statement of 
something which a party undertakes shall be a part of the contract, 
and, though part of the contract, collateral to the express object of 
it. Contracts of sale with warranty must contain two independent 
stipulations : 1. An agreement for the transfer of title and posses- 
sion from vendor to vendee. 2. A further agreement that the sub- 
ject of the sale has certain qualities and conditions. No particular 
phraseology is requisite to constitute a warranty. It must be a rep- 
resentation which the vendee relies upon, and which is understood 
by the parties as an absolute assertion, and not the expression of 
an opinion. It is not necessary that the vendor should have in- 
tended the representation to constitute a warranty. If the writing 
contained that which amounts to a warranty, the vendor will not 
be permitted to say that he did not intend what is clearly and ex- 
pressly declared. The -right to recover damages for a breach of 
the warranty survives an acceptance, the vendee being under no 
obligation to return the goods." Parker, J., in Fairbanks Canning 
Co. V. Metzger, 118 N. Y. 260. 



SALES. 299 

^Q. A is a manufacturer of cloth. He sells a certain quantity of 
cloth to B, who is a manufacturer of clothing. B uses the goods, 
and manufactures them into clothing. He subsequently discovers 
through his customers that the cloth was defective. He brings 
action against A to recover damages sustained. Can he do so ? 
State your reasons. 

A. B can maintain the action. On the sale of goods by a man- 
ufacturer, a warranty is implied that the articles sol(i is free from 
any latent defect growing out of the process of manufacture. The 
obligation arising from the implied warranty imposed upon the 
seller of goods manufactured by himself, survives their acceptance, 
if the defects were not discoverable upon inspection by ordinary 
tests. Hoe v. Sanborn, 21 N. Y. 552. Bierman v. City Mills, 
151 N. Y. 482. 

Q. A sells B certain beef for immediate consumption. It turns 
out that the beef was unsound and tainted. B brings action against 
A. Can he recover? State your reasons. 

A. B can recover. In the case of the sale of provisions for 
domestic use, the vendor at his peril is bound to know that they 
are sound and wholesome, and if they are not so, he is liable in 
damages. There is an implied warranty of soundness. Van 
Bracklin v. Fonda, 12 Johns. 468. Wlien the provisions are sold 
merely as merchandise, and not for immediate consumption by the 
buyer, no warranty attaches. Devin v. McCormack, 50 Barb. 116 ; 
Moses V. Mead, 1 Denio, 378. 

Q. A sells certain watches to B by sample. B receives the 
goods and sells them. In a suit by A for the price, B sets up as a 
counterclaim that the bulk of the goods did not correspond with 
the sample, as more than half of the watches contained an inferior 
movement. Is the counterclaim good ? 

A . Yes. B can recover damages by way of counterclaim, for 
breach of the warranty which arises on a sale by sample, even 
though he retained the goods. " Where goods are sold by sample, 
and there are no circumstances to qualifj^ the transaction, there is 
an implied warranty that each of the articles shall correspond with 
the sample." Leonard v. Fowler, 44 N. Y. 289. " A contract of 
sale of goods which points out a known and ascertainable standard 



300 SALES. 

by which to judge the quality of the goods sold, is for all practical 
purposes, a sale by sample. Upon a sale by sample, with warranty 
that the goods shall correspond with the sample, the vendee is not 
precluded from claiming and recovering damages for breach of 
warranty, although he has' accepted the goods after an opportunity 
ior inspection." Zabriskie v. R. R., 131 N. Y. 72. 

r~-^. A consigns goods to B to be shipped to Chicago, and then B 
is to ship them wherever he pleases. The goods reached the depot 
of the railroad company by which they were carried to Chicago. 
When A learns that B is insolvent, he demands the goods of the 
railroad company, which refuses to deliver them. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. A has no rights to the goods. The right of stoppage has 
ceased. Stoppage in transitu is the right which the seller has to 
retake the goods at any time before they come into the possession 
of the buyer or his agent, when the goods have not been paid for, 
and the buyer has become insolvent. Buckley v. Furniss, 17 Wend. 
504. The railroad company here appears to be the agent of the 
buyer, and therefore, the goods having reached their destination, 
the right of stoppage is gone. " The delivery of goods to the 
vendee, which puts an end to the state of passage, and so deprives 
the vendor of the right of stoppage in transitu, may be at a place 
where the former means the goods to remain, until a fresh destina- 
tion is given to them by orders from himself. When they have 
reached the place for which they were intended under the direc- 
tion given by the vendee, and have come under the actual control 
of the vendee, the right of stoppage ceases. The right of stoppage 
is also defeated by the endorsement and delivery by the vendee of 
a bill of lading of the goods, to a bona fide indorsee for a valuable 
consideration without notice of facts on which such right would 
otherwise exist." Becker v. Hallgarten, 86 N. Y. 167. 

-^^Q. A sold to B 1,000 tons of iron, which B wrongfully refused 
to accept and pay for. A comes to you for advice, and wishes to 
be infoi'med of his rights. What are his rights and remedies ? An- 
swer in full. 

A. On the failure of a purchaser to perform a contract for the 
sale of personal property, the vendor, as a general rule, has the 
election of three remedies : 1. To hold the property for the pur- 



SALES, 301 

chaser, and recover of him the entire purchase money. 2. To sell 
it after notice to the purchaser, as his agent for that purpose, and 
recover the difference between the contract price and that realized 
on the sale. 3. To retain it as his own, and recover the difference 
between the contract price and the market price at the time and 
place of delivery. Dustan v. McAndre.w, 44 N. Y. 72. 

Q. A, on June 1, 1899, makes an agreement with B to sell him 
500 barrels of flour at 15 per barrel, to be delivered on July 1. 
About June 8, flour falls in price, and B goes to A and tells him 
not to send the goods, as he will not take them at the contract 
price. A, on the next day thereafter, sells the goods to C. Flour 
in the meantime has advanced in price to 16 per barrel, and B on 
the day following writes A to send the 500 barrels of flour at once. 
A consults you as to his rights and remedies. What would you 
advise him ? 

A. A need not send the goods, but instead can bring suit imme- 
diately (before July 1) against B for breach of contract. " Where 
before the time of delivery fixed by a contract of sale of goods» the 
vendee notifies the vendor that he will not receive or pay for the 
goods, and requests him to stop any further efforts to carry out 
the contract, the vendor is justified in treating the contract as 
broken at that time, and is entitled to bring an action immediately 
for the breach without tendering delivery ; it is not necessary to 
await the expiration of the time of performance fixed by the con- 
tract, nor can the vendee retract his renunciation of the contract 
after the vendor has acted upon it, and by the sale of the goods to 
other parties, changed his possession." Windmuller v. Pope, 107 
N. Y. 674. 



802 SUEETYSHIP AND 6UAEANTX. 



CHAPTER XVIII. 
Suretyship and Guaranty. 

Q. A is surety for the faithful performance of a contract made 
by B with C. Upon B's default, C immediately brings action 
against A, who defends on the ground that C should have first 
exhausted his remedies against B before proceeding against him. 
Is the defense good ? 

A. The defense is not good, as the liability of a surety is ab- 
solute and unconditional ; he is primarily liable. The surety un- 
dertakes to pay the debt if the principal does not. He is an insurer 
of the debt. The surety assumes to perform the contract of the 
principal, if he does not, and if the act which the surety under- 
takes to perform through the principal is not done, then the surety 
is liable at once. A person who engages to be answerable for the 
debt, default or miscarriage of another, is a surety. Pingrey on 
Suretyship and Guaranty, pp. 1-5. 

Q. A is a guarantor of the payment of a note of B to the order 
of C. At maturity, it is unpaid, and C makes no effort to enforce 
collection from B. He sues A. Can he recover ? 

A. Yes, for this is an absolute guaranty. " The defendant has 
very plainly contracted as guarantor. If he is not liable as such, 
he is not liable at all ; and if he is liable as such, he cannot get rid 
of the obligation by calling himself an indorser, or anything 
else. The undertaking of the defendant was not conditional, like 
that of an endorser, nor was it upon any condition whatever. It 
was an absolute agreement that the note should be paid by the 
maker at maturity. When the maker failed to pay, the defend- 
ant's contract was broken, and the plaintiff had a complete right 
of action against him. It was no part of the agreement that the 
plaintiff should give notice of the non-payment ; nor that he should 
sue the maker, or use an}^ diligence to get the money from him. 
The point was decided long ago, that a guaranty of payment, like 



SURETYSHIP AND GUAEANTY. 303 

the one in question, is not conditional, but an absolute undertak- 
ing that the maker will pay the note when due. Allen v. Right- 
mere, 20 Johns. 365. The guarantor does not promise to pay him- 
self, but that the maker will pay. The defendant was under an 
absolute agreement to see that the maker paid the note at maturity. 
The plaintiff was under no obligation to institute legal proceed- 
ings." Bronson, J., in Brown v. Curtiss, 2 N. Y. 225. 

Q. A guaranties the collection of a note made by C to B. Upon 
C's default to pay the same, B immediately sues A without mak- 
ing any effort to get payment from C. Can he maintain the ac- 
tion ? 

A. No. One who guaranties in general terms the collection of 
a debt thereby undertakes that it is collectible by due course of 
law, and only promises to pay, when it is ascertained that it cannot" 
be collected by suit against the principal, prosecuted to judgment 
without unnecessary delay, and execution issued thereon. An 
endeavor to so collect, is a condition precedent to a right of action 
against the guarantor. Bank v. Sloan, 135 N. Y. 371. 

Q. A and B become sureties to C, for D, for the same debt. 
Each executes a separate bond, A's being in the penal sum of 
110,000, and B's being in the penal sum of 130,000. D defaulted 
in the sum of $10,000, and C sues- A on his bond and compels him 
to pay the amount thereon. Has A, under the circumstances dis- 
closed, any remedy against B ? If so, what ? If not, why not ? 

A. He has a right to compel B to contribute. The rights and 
obligations of sureties inter sese are the saine, whether bound in 
one or several like obligations ; where there are several distinct 
bonds, in different penalties, they are bound to contribute in pro- 
portion to the amount of the penalties of their respective bonds. 
Armitage v. Pulver, 37 N. Y. 494. Co-sureties are entitled to the 
right of contribution when they are bound for the performance by 
the same principal of the same obligation, and whether they be- 
came so at the same time, or at different times, by one or several 
instruments, even if they are bound in different sums, or if each 
is ignorant, that the other is a surety. The obligation of co-sure- 
ties to contribute to each other has grown out of the rule that 
equality is equity, and is not founded on the idea of a contract 
between the sureties. Aspinwall v. Sacchi, 57 N. Y. 331. 



304 SURETYSHIP AND GUARANTY. 

Q. A and B are co-sureties on a debt of C to D of 112,000. C 
fails to pay. A is compelled to pay to D $8,000, and begins action 
against B for $4,000 contribution. Can the action be maintained ? 
State your reasons. 

A. He cannot recover $4,000 ; he can only compel B to pay 
him $2,000, the amount in excess of one-half of the debt. " The 
obligation, of one of two co-sureties, is to pay the whole debt ; if 
he does so, he may recover of his co-sureties one-half ; if he pays 
less than the whole debt, he can only recover from his co-sureties, 
the amount he has paid in excess of the moiety." Morgan v. Smith, 
70 N. Y. 537. 

Q. A is surety to secure the performance of a contract by B to 
C. C holds a chattel mortgage- upon property belonging to B as 
security. B defaults, and A is compelled to pay the amount of the 
obligation to C. What right, if any, has A ? 

A. He is entitled to the possession of the chattel mortgage by 
right of subrogation. " Where one has been compelled to pay a 
debt, wliich ought to have been paid by another, he is entitled to a 
cession of all the remedies which the creditor possesses against that 
other." Schram v. Werner, 85 Hun, 293. 

Q. A is surety for B in the sum of $10,000. B defaults, and A is 
sued by the creditor. He settles for $6,000. A then brings action 
against B to recover the whole $10,000. Can the action be main- 
tained ? State your reasons. 

A. A can only recover the amount he has paid. If the surety 
extinguishes the debt for less than the whole amount due, he can 
only recover what he actually paid, as the contract between prin- 
cipal and surety is for indemnity only. Eno v. Crooke, 10 N. Y. 
60. 

Q. The defendant, as surety, signed a bond for the faithful per- 
formance of a contract of A with a corporation. The corporation 
paid A in advance. A refuses to perform ; the corporation sues A 
for damages, but the contract is held void by the court, A being 
compelled to return the money paid him by the corporation which 
he is unable to do. The corporation thereupon sues the surety. Is 
he liable ? Give reasons. 



SURETYSHIP AND GUARANTY. 305 

A. No. As the contract is void, tlie surety is released from lia- 
bility. He merely agreed to be bound on the contract ; the money 
here is to be repaid, notinpert'onnance of the contract, but merely 
as money received under a void contract. The liability of a surety 
is strictissimi juiis, which means that a surety shall not be held be- 
yond the precise terms of his contract. Smith v. Molleson, 148 
N. Y. 241. 

Q. A is appointed bookkeeper by the X Bank. At the time of 
the appointment, B executes to the bank a bond conditioned that 
A will faithfully perform the duties imposed upon him as a book- 
keeper, and the duties of any other office, relating to the business 
of the bank which may be assigned to him. After sei'vice for 
several years as bookkeeper, B was appointed as receiving teller 
of the bank, and while acting in that capacity embezzled |5,000 
of the bank's funds. The bank sues B on the bond. Is he liable ? 

A. No. The surety undertook only for the fidelity of the prin- 
cipal while he was bookkeeper, both in the performance of that 
office, and of any other office, trust or employment temporarily 
imposed upon, or assumed by him during that time relating to the 
bank's business, but not for his fidelity in another position to which 
he was permanently appointed. The liability of a surety is always 
strictissimi juris, and may not be extended by construction beyond 
his specific engagement. Nat. Merchants Bank Assn. v. Conkling, 
90 N. Y. 116. 

(Note. ) Where the bond recited " or shall be appointed to any other office, 
duty or employment, he shall also faithfully perform the duties of that 
office," it was held that the surety was liable for misappropriation by the 
principal after appointment to that office. Bank v. Spinney, 120 N. Y. 560. 

Q. A became surety to B's bank for the faithful performance of 
the duties of X as bookkeeper. X was allowed to take the teller's 
place each day during the dinner hour of the latter, and while act- 
ing as teller, he stole $10,000. A is sued on the bond and claims 
he is not liable. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A. A is not liable, because X stole as teller, 
and not in the capacity of bookkeeper, for which A became surety- 
only. He is relieved from liability on the principle that the lia- 
bility of a surety is strictissimi juris, and the courts will not in- 
quire as to whether the alteration in the performance of the cout 
20 



306 SURETYSHIP AND GUAKANTY. 

tract is, or is not to his injury. Page v. Krekey, 137 N. Y. 313. 
See also Bank v. Elwood, 21 N. Y. 88. 

Q. A is employed in the X Bank. He takes and appropriates 
to his own use from the bank's funds $1,000. Tliis is afterwards 
discovered, and A malies restitution of the amount. He is retained 
in the bank's employ on condition that B become surety for him. 
B becomes his surely without knowledge of the former embezzle- 
ment, and the bank knows that B'does not know of it. A after- 
wards embezzles 12,000, and absconds. The bank brings action 
against B as surety on the bond. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for B. "Where an employer takes a bond as se- 
curity for the fidelity of his agent, who, to the knowledge of the 
employer has previously violated the trust put in him, and the 
employer does not disclose such fact or misconduct to the surety, he 
is guilty of the fraudulent concealment of a material fact, which 
good faith requires him to disclose, and he cannot recover of the 
sureties the damages resulting from a subsequent default of his 
agent." U. S. Life Ins. Co. v. Salmon, 90 Hun, 536. 

Q. A was surety on a bond to the First National Bank of Buf- 
falo for no definite time, conditioned for the faithful performance 
by B of his duties as cashier of the bank. He had been appointed 
and held the position of cashier on the strength of the bond. Af- 
ter it had been running for four or five years, A notified the bank 
that he revoked the same and considered himself no longer liable 
thereon. The bank refused to consider his release from his liability 
thereon, and so informed him. Thereafter B became a defaulter, 
and the bank seeks to hold A on his bond. A consults you. What 
would you advise ? Give your reasons. 

A. A is not liable on the bond. " A surety bound for the fidel- 
ity and honesty of his principal, and so for an indefinite and con- 
tingent liability, and not for a sum fixed and certain to become 
due, may revoke and end his future liability in either of two 
cases, viz. : 1. When the guaranteed contract has no time to run ; 
2. Where it has such definite time, but the principal has so violated 
it, and is so in default that the creditor may safely and lawfully 
terminate it on account of the breach. Where the person employed 
commits an act of dishonesty, and is unfaithful to his trust, the 
employer may end the contract and trust for his own protection, 



STJJRBTYSHIP AND GUAEANTY. 307 

and what he may do and ought to do for his own safety, the surety 
may require it to be done for his." Emery v. Baltz, 94 N. Y. 414. 

Q. A was surety for B on a contract made with 0. C, being 
about to enforce the contract, and B not being able to pay at the 
time, agreed to extend B's time one year, and did so without the 
knowledge of A. Subsequently C seeks to hold A liable as surety, 
B having defaulted. Is he liable or not, and why ? 

A. A is not liable. The rule is that an extension of time to the 
principal without the consent of the surety discharges him from 
liability on the ground that his position is jeopardized thereby. 
The creditor, in giving time to the principal debtor, deprives the 
surety of the right which he would have had from the mere fact of 
entering into the position of a surety, that is, the right to proceed 
against the principal, and if this right be suspended, no matter for 
how short a time, and not injuring the surety at all, and even ac- 
tually benefiting him, nevertheless it is established that this dis- 
charges the surety altogether. Gary v. White, 52 N. Y. 138. 

Q. A was surety, B principal, and C creditor on an obligation. 
B asks C to refrain from suing or pressing his claim, until he (B) 
should be able to pay the same. C said he would be patient, but 
would not agree to give him any time. When the obligation was 
due, Bwas solvent, but became insolvent soon after. The surety 
had no knowledge of the conversation. Upon B's default, C brings 
action against the surety to recover the debt. Judgment for whom 
and why ? State your reasons. 

A. Judgment for C ; A is not discharged. A mere indulgence 
to the debtor will not discharge the surety ; there must be an agree- 
ment to extend the time of payment binding on the creditor. Smith 
v. Erwin, 77 N. Y. 466. " To have the effect of discharging the 
surety, an agreement for the extension of time of payment, made 
by the creditor with the principal debtor without the consent of 
the surety, must be upon a valid consideration, such as will preclude 
the creditor from enforcing the debt against the principal debtor." 
Olmstead v. Lattimer, 158 N. Y. 313. 

Q. A, who is surety for B, requests C, the creditor, to sue B the 
principal debtor, but the creditor neglects to do so. Two years 
thereafter, the creditor sues, but the debtor is then insolvent. C 



308 SUKETYSHIP AND GUABANTY. 

then brings action against A to enforce his liability as surety. • A 
sets up as a defense, his request to sue. Judgment for whom and 
why? 

A. Judgment for A. A surety may require the creditor to pro- 
ceed against the principal, and enforce collection of his demand by 
action if not otherwise paid, and a failure to so proceed within a 
reasonable time will operate to discharge the surety if he suffers 
injury by such delay. Solvency of the principal at the time of the 
demand to sue, and his subsequent insolvency after neglect to in- 
stitute suit will discharge the surety from his obligation. But the 
notice to the creditor must be clear and explicit, and he njust be 
given to understand that he is required to sue, otherwise the surety 
will not be discharged. Pain v. Packard, 13 Johns. 174 ; Colgrove 
V. TaUman, 67 N. Y. 95. 

Q. A is surety for the firm of B and C on a bond to the extent 
of their purchases. Without A's knowledge, another partner is 
taken into the firm, and subsequently A is sued on the bond. Can 
he be held liable? If so, why so? If not, why not? 

A. A cannot be held liable, as he did not bind himself as surety 
for the new firm. " In the absence of terms in a guaranty, given 
for a partnership, showing that the parties intended that it should 
survive changes in the firm, the guaranty terminates with the ex- 
istence of the firm for which it was given, and does not continue 
for the benefit of any firm or party succeeding to its business." 
Bennett v. Draper, 139 N. Y. 266. 

Q. A and B, husband and wife, execute a mortgage to C for 
$5,000, as a security for a pre-existing debt of A's. The mortgage 
is given on a piece of property belonging to A. A fails to pay the 
mortgage debt at maturity ; C forecloses, and the property is sold 
by order of the court, the amount realized being just sufficient to 
pay the mortgage and costs. B demands certain bonds, which were 
held by C as security for the debt, previous to the giving of the 
mortgage. C refuges to comply with the demand. What are the 
rights of the parties ? 

A. B has no rights to the bonds. She, merely having released 
her dower in the mortgaged premises, is not in the position of a 
surety, and therefore is not entitled to the right of subrogation. 



StTRETYEHIP AtTD GUARANTY. 309 

" She cannot be treated as the surety of her husband, because she 
joined with him in a mortgage of his lands ; she can only release 
her Tiower, but is entitled to dower in the equity of redemption." 
Hawley v. Bradford, 9 Paige, 200. 

Q. A was the principal debtor, and B the surety, on an obliga- 
tion held by C. C had collateral given him by A to further 
secure the debt. On A's default, B, the surety, pays the debt. 
C in the meantime has lost the collateral. B consults you as to 
his rights. What would be your advice? 

A. B can recover the value of the collateral from C. "A cred- 
itor who by himself or by his agents, so deals with securities to 
which a surety may be- entitled by way of subrogation, as to lose 
or destroy them, is liable for the value of the securities to the 
surety paying the' debt, or whose property is resorted to for the 
purpose of securing payment thereof." Sternbach v. Friedman, 
34 App. Div. 534. 

Q. A was surety for the faithful performance of a contract by 
B with C. B gives C certain bonds as security for tlie debt. At 
the maturity of the debt, B failing to pay,^ sues A for the amount 
of the debt, and A pays, the same. C thereupon returned the 
bonds to B, who sold the same, and is now insolvent. A claims 
the securities or their value from C, who informs him that he has 
surrendered them to B. What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. A is entitled to the securities, by reason of his having paid 
the debt, by virtue of the right of subrogation. C having sur- 
rendered the securities, is liable for their value to A. " The rule 
that a surety is discharged pro tanto, through the surrender of 
securities by the creditor, does not rest on contract, but upon the 
equitable principle, that property of the debtor pledged for the 
payment of the debt should be applied on the debt. In such a 
case, the surety is discharged to the extent he is injured." State 
Bank v. Smith, 155 N. Y. 185. 

Q. A buys a suit of clothes from a tailor. Afterwards, B writes 
the tailor that he will pay for the clothes, if A does not. Is this 
promise binding? 

A. No, for a guaranty being a contract to answer for the debt, 
default, or miscarriage of another, must have a consideration to 



310 SURETYSHIP AND GUARANTY. 

support it. If the debt of the principal debtor be pre-existing, 
then there must be a new and distinct consideration to sustain the 
promise of the guarantor. Where the guaranty is made subse- 
quent to the creation of the debt, and was not an inducement to 
it, the consideration of the original debt will not support it, and 
so there must be some further consideration having an immediate 
respect to such liability, and it is sufficient that there be something 
moving towards the principal debtor. McNaught v. McLaughry, 
42 N. Y. 22. 

Q. A buys a bill of goods from B. At the same time, C writes 
on the back of the bill that he guarantees the collection of the 
within bill. Upon default by A, B sues C for the amount of the 
bill. C defends on the ground that there was no consideration 
for his promise. Is his defense good ? 

A. No. The consideration supporting the sale is sufficient to 
support the guaranty. Leonard v. Vredenburg, 8 Johns. 38. 
" Where a contract of guaranty is entered into concurrently with 
the principal obligation, a consideration which supports the latter, 
supports the former, and the consideration need not be expressed 
in the guaranty, but may be shown by parol." Bank v. Coit, 104 
N. Y. 532. 

Q. B guarantees the payment of A's rent. A fails to pay and 
the landlord sues the guarantor without exhausting his remedy 
against the tenant. Can he maintain the action ? Why ? 

A. Yes, the action is maintainable. A guaranty of the payment 
of rent is an absolute guaranty, and where a guaranty is absolute, 
the guarantor's liability does not -depend upon demand and notice 
of default; a fortiori, suit against the principal debtor is not 
necessary in the case of an absolute guaranty, to fix the liability 
of the guarantor. 14 Am. & Eng. Eucy. of Law (2d ed.), 1141. 

Q. A goes to a jewelry store to purchase a gold watch on credit. 
The jeweler, not knowing A, refuses to give it to him, whereupon 
B, who happens to be in the store at the time, says that he will pay 
for it if A does not. A fails to pay, and the jeweler sues B who 
sets up the Statute of Frauds as a defense. Is this defense good ? 

A. The defense is good, as the promise here was clearly one to 
answer for the debt, default, or miscarriage of another, or in other 



SUEETYSHIP AND GXJABANTy. 311 

words aguaranty, which in order to be binding must be in writ- 
ing, and subscribed by the party to be charged (the guarantor), 
according to the Statute of Frauds, which in part is as follows : 
" Every agreement, promise or undertaking is void, unless it, or 
some note or memorandum thereof, be in writing and subscribed 
by the party to be charged therewith, or by his lawful agent ; if 
such promise, agreement or undertaking, 2, is a special promise to 
answer for the debt, default, or miscarriage of another person." 
Sec. 21, Personal Prop. Law, 1897. 

Q. A hires B, a contractor, to build a certain house for him. 
The workingmen, becoming dissatisfied, go upon a strike, and A, 
being anxious to have his house finished in the fall, tells the 
workingmen, that if they will go on with the work, he will see 
them paid. The men comply with his request, and upon com- 
pletion of the work, bring suit against him on his promise. A 
sets up the Statute of Frauds as a defense. Is the defense good? 

A. No. " A promise made by the owner of a house, wluch a 
contractor was engaged in constructing, to workingmen employed 
by the contractor that if the workingmen will proceed with their 
work, the owner would see them paid, is an original undertaking, 
and is not within'the Statute of Frauds, notwithstanding the fact 
that the liability of the contractor to the workingmen is not af- 
fected thereby." Almond v. Hart, 46 App. Div. 431. 

Q. A is about to contract with C ; the latter will not contract 
unless B will become a surety for A. B will not go surety for A, 
unless D will agree to indemnify him against any loss. The 
agreement between B and D is by parol. B, who is obliged to 
perform, brings action against D, who sets up the Statute of 
Frauds. Is the defense maintainable on that ground ? 

A. No, as this is an original undertaking. A verbal promise by 
one person to indemnify another for becoming a guarantor for a 
third person, is not within the . Statute of Frauds, and need not 
be in writing, and the assumption of the liability is a sufficient 
consideration for the promise. Jones v. Bacon, 145 N. Y. 446. 

Q. A purchased goods from B, who relied upon an oral promise 
of C that if A did not pay for the goods, C would pay for them 
out of money in his hands belonging to A. A does not pay for 



312 SURETYSHIP AND GTTAKANTY. 

the goods, and B looks to C for payment. Prior to this, C had 
given back the money belonging to A. What are the rights of 
the parties ? 

A. B can recover from C, as the promise here is not within the 
Statute of Frauds. " When a debtor puts a fund into the hands 
of the promisor, either by absolute transfer, or upon a trust to 
pay the debt, the promise of the latter to pay the same is not 
within the Statute of Frauds. The party making the promise 
holds the funds of the debtor for the purpose of paying his debt, 
and as between him and the debtor, it is his duty to pay the debt, 
and so that when he promises the creditor to pay it, in substance, 
he promises to pay his own debt, and not that of another." Mal- 
lory V. Gillett, 21 N. Y. 412. 

(Note.) The fact, that the debtor has placed property in the hands of an- 
other to enable him to raise the means of paying the debt, or to indemnify 
him if he should choose to pay it out of his own means, does not take a ver- 
bal promise by him to the creditor, to pay the debt, out of the Statute of 
Frauds. The distinction must be drawn between the giving of property and 
the giving of money to another; a promise to pay before the property given 
has been converted into money, is within the Statute of Frauds. Belknap v. 
Bender, 75 N. Y. 446; Ackley.v. Parmenter, 98 N. Y. 425. 

Q. A sells B a horse for f 100, taking at the time a note of C • 
for the amount, which B orally agreed to pay if C did not. The 
note was not paid by C. B is sued on the oral promise, and sets 
up the Statute of Frauds as a defense. Is the defense good? 

A. No. The promise was an original undertaking. There was 
a new and distinct consideration, independent of the debt of the 
maker, and one moving between the parties to the new promise. 
In sucii cases, where the party undertakes for his own benefit, and 
upon a full consideration received by himself, the promise is not 
within the statute. Johnson v. Gilbert, 4 Hill, 178. " In mere 
form, it was certainly a collateral undertaking, because it was a 
promise that another person should perform his obligation. But 
looking at the substance of the transaction, we see that the de- 
fendant paid in this manner a part of the price of a horse sold to 
himself. In a sense merely formal, he agreed to answer for the 
debt of C. In reality, he undertook to pay his own vendor so 
much of the price of the chattel, unless a third person should 
make payment for him, and thereby discharge him." Selden, J., 
in Garden v. McNeil, 21 N. Y. 336. 



TOETS. 313 



CHAPTER XIX. 

Torts. 

Q. A assaults B and is arrested and indicted for the same. B 
then brings an action against A to recover damages resulting from 
tlie assault. A defends on the ground that the civil action is 
merged in the criminal prosecution. Is A's defense good ? 

A. A's defense is not good. Sec. 1899 of the Code of Civ. Pro. 
provides as-follovs^s : " Where the violation of a right admits of a 
civil and also of a criminal prosecution, the one is not merged in 
the other." 

Q. A receives personal injuries causing his death, from the neg- 
ligence of B's servant. The personal representatives of A bring 
action against B to recover damages. After the summons had been 
served and before the trial, B dies. The representatives of A then 
make a motion to have B's representatives substituted as defend- 
ants in place of B. What should be the decision of the court? 
State your reasons. 

A. The court should deny the motion, as the cause of action 
does not survive the death of the wrongdoer. A cause of action 
for negligence resulting in death, given by statute to the representa- 
tives of the decedent, is abated by the death of the wrongdoer. 
The action cannot be maintained against the representatives of the 
wrongdoer. Heggerich v. Keddie, 99 N. Y. 258. 

Q. A boy in the employ of A quarrelled with B on the street. 
B picked up a club and chased the boy, who took refuge in A's 
store. In trying to save himself, the boy knocked a valuable 
clock from the counter, destroying it. Has A a cause of action 
against B for the value of the clock ? State your reasons. 

A. Yes, as the act of B was the proximate cause of the destruc- 
tion of the clock. " One who does an illegal or mischievous aat, 
v^rhich is likely to prove injurious to others, is answerable for the 
consequences which may directly and naturally result from his 



314 TORTS. 

conduct, though he did not intend to do the particular injury which 
followed." Vandenburg v. Truax, 4 Denio, 464. 

Q. A was driving along the street, when a spark from an elevated 
train fell upon his horse, causing it to run away. A being unable 
to control the horse, turned it against the curbstone, hoping to 
check it in that w^y. The wagon passed over the curb, A being 
thrown out and hurt, and B, who was standing on tlje walk, was 
knocked down and severely injured. What are the rights of the 
parties ? 

A. Both A and B have a right of action against the Railroad Co., 
as the falling of tlie spark was the proximate cause of their in- 
juries. " The true rule is, that what is the proximate cause of an 
injury is ordinarily a question for the jury. It is not a question of 
science or legal knowledge. It is to be determined as a fact, in 
view of the circumstances attending it. The primary cause may 
be the proximate cause of a disaster though it may operate through 
successive instruments, as an article at the end of a chain may be 
moved by a force applied at the other end, that force being the 
proximate cause of the movement, or as in the oft cited case of the 
squib thrown in the market place. The question ahva3-s is, was 
there an unbroken connection between the wrongful act and the 
injury, a continuous operation ? Did the facts constitute a con- 
tinuous succession of events, so linked together as to make a nat- 
ural whole, or was there some new and independent caiise inter- 
vening between the 'wrong and the injury? Lowery v. Manhat- 
tan El. Ry. Co., 99 N. Y. 158. 

Q. A and B, who were emploj'ces of C, were engaged in the 
painting of a house. A fell from the ladder on which he was 
working, by reason of its defective construction, and in falling, 
struck B, injuring him severely. What are the rights of A and B '? 

A. A and B both have an action against C ; A because the 
ladder was defectively constructed, and B because the falling of A 
was the proximate cause of his injuries. See Ryan v. Miller, 12 
Daly, 77. 

Q. A, an infant, hired a horse from B. The infant drove the 
animal with such violence, and otherwise cruelly treated it, that 
it died in consequence thereof. The owner brings action against 



TORTS. 315 

the infant. Can the action be maintained ? If so, upon what 
theory ? If not, why not ? 

A. Yes, the infant is liable in tort. Where an infant takes a 
horse on hire, and wilfuUj' and intentionally injures the animal by 
driving him with such violence that he dies, this amounts to an 
election on the part of the infant to disaffirm the contract of hiring, 
and an action in tort lies against him. Campbell v. Stakes, 2 
Wend. 137. 

Q. A beats his wife, severely injuring her. She brings action 
against him to recover |1,000 damages for the assault. The hus- 
band demurs. J udgment for whom and why ? v 

A. Judgment for the husband. A wife cannot maintain an 
action against her husband, to recover damages for an assault and 
battery which he has committed upon her. The Dom. Rel. Law 
of 1896 does not give her this right. Abbe v. Abbe, 22 App. 
Div. 483. 

1 

Q. A corporation is sued for malicious prosecution by A ; the 
corporation demurs. Judgment for whom and why ? 

A. Judgment for A ; a corporation is liable for malicious pros- 
ecution. A corporation is liable for its wrongful acts to almost 
the same extent as a natural person. Morton v. Ins. Co., 34 Hun,'* 
366. 

(Note.) The anomalous decision of Elchner v. Bowery Bank, 24 App. Dlv. 
63, is called attention to. It was there held that a corporation is not liable 
for a slander committed by its agents on the ground stated that " a corpora- 
tion itself could not talk." It is probably the only case of tort in which a 
corporation has been held not liable. 

Q. A municipal corporation, acting under and pursuant to the 
provisions of its charter, excavated in and upon one of its public 
streets in order to properly grade the same. In so doing, it dug 
away a part of a natural bank extending into the highway, which 
supported A's land, by reason of which it lost its support, and fell 
with certain outhouses, shrubbery and fences ihto the excavation 
in the highway, to A's damage in the sum of $10,000. There 
was no negligence, or want of care in the execution of the work. 
The question arises as to the liability of the corporation. What 
do you say ? Give your reasons. 



SI 6 TORTS. 

A. The corporation is not liable. "Municipal corporations 
engaged in the performance of public works, authorized by law, are 
not liable for damages occasioned thereby to others, where private 
property is not directly encroached upon, unless such damages are 
caused by misconduct, negligence or unskillfulness." Atwater v. 
Trustees, 124 N. Y. 602. 

Q. A, without authority from the municipality, piles brick in 
the street. By reason of not keeping a light at the place during the 
night, B who was driving on the highway at night, was injured, 
without fault or negligence on his part. He brings an action 
against the municipality. What additional facts, if any, must be 
shown to entitle him to recover ? >^ 

A. He must show that the city had either actual or constructive 
notice. " It is the duty of a municipal corporation to keep its 
streets in a safe condition for public travel, and it is bound to exercise 
reasonable diligence to accomplish that end ; this is so, as wfill 
where an obstruction rendering travel unsafe, is caused by a third 
person, as well as where it is the act of the corporation. Where 
therefore, public or private improvements are being made in a city 
street causing an obstruction, it is the duty of the city to guard 
them, so as to protect travelers on the street from receiving in- 
juries therefrom. The municipality is not absolved from liability 
by the fact that the obstruction was caused by a contractor, 
who, by his contract, is bound to properly guard it or to place 
warning lights. Plaintiff must show that it was left unguarded by 
the defendant after notice of its existence." Pettengill v. City of 
Yonkers, 116 N. Y. 558. 

Q. A is run over by an ambulance belonging to the Department 
of Charities of the city of New York, and sustains injuries which 
cause his death. His representatives bring suit against the city. 
Can the action be maintained ? Give your reasons. 

A. No. The city is not liable. " Where by the act of the 
legislature, a municipal corporation is required to elect or appoint 
an officer to perform a public duty laid not upon it, but upon the 
officer in whicli it has no private interest, and from which it derives 
no special benefit, such officer is not a servant or agent of the 
municipality, and for his negligence or want of skill in the perform- 
ance of his duty, or for that of a servant whom he employs, it is 



TORTS. 317 

not liable ; and this although the officer or servant has in charge, 
and the negligence is in the use of corporate property. The duties, 
imposed upon the commissioner of charity for the city of New 
York by statute are public in their character, and from their per- 
formance no special corporate benefit is acquired. Such officers, 
therefore, or their servants are not agents of the city for whose 
negligent acts it is liable." Maxmillian v. Mayor, 62 N. Y. 160. 

(Note. ) In Missano v. Mayor, 160 N. Y. 123, it was held that the city of 
New York is liable for the negligent acts of its employees in its department 
of stieet cleaning, on the ground, that the city acts in discharge of a si:)ecial 
power granted to it by the legislature, in the exercise of which it is a legal 
individual, and that the duty of removing ashes, garbage, etc., is a private, 
and not a governmental function. See also Quill v. Mayor, 36 App. Div. 476. 

Q. A is injured in an accident, and is taken to a charity hospital 
for treatment. Through the negligence of the physician in charge, 
gangrene sets in on the wounds, and as a consequence thereof, A 
dies. His representatives bring action against the hospital. Can 
they recover? 

A. No. " A public hospital or asylum is liable for the tort or 
negligeuce of an officer or servant, only when such corporation has 
been guilty of negligence in selecting such officer or servant. 
When the corporation has used due care in selecting the officer or 
servant, it is not liable for his subsequent act, unless prior to the 
occurrence of such act, knowledge of the unfitness and incapacity 
of such officer or servant was communicated to and fully brought 
home to the corporation." Joel v. Hospital, 89 Hun, 23r ~/^ 

Q. A enters a certain charity hospital, and agrees to pay |25 a 
week for treatment, the hospital also agreeing to furnish a trained 
nurse. Through the negligence of the nurse furnished, A's illness 
becomes aggravated, and in consequence thereof, she is compelled 
to undergo an operation involving the expenditure of a large sum 
of money. A brings action against the hospital. Can the action 
be maintained ? If so, upon what theory ? If not, why not ? 

A. The action can be maintained on the theory of a breach of 
contract. It was so held in Ward v. St. Vincent Hospital, 39 
App. Div. 624, where it was said that : " A contract made by a 
a charity hospital, to receive a patient into the hospital, and to 
furnish her with a skillful trained nurse for a certain sum per 
week, is not beyond its powers. The patient may, in an action 



318 TORTS. 

against the hospital to recover damages for breach of such con- 
tract, obtain indemnity for injuries sustained by the neghgence of 
its servants." 

Q. A, B's coachman, with B's footman, riding on the seat be- 
side him, and B, the owner, in the carriage, negligently drives into 
another vehicle driven by the owner. The footman is severely in- 
jured. The owner of the second carriage is free from contributory 
negligence. The footman brings action against B. Can he re- 
cover ? 

A. No, for the master is not liable for injuries caused by the 
negligence of fellow servants. " A master is not liable to those 
in his employ, for injuries resulting from the negligence of a fel- 
low serv^ant engaged in the same general business. Nor is it nec- 
essary that the sufferer, and the one who caused the injuries, should 
be at the time engaged in the same particular work. If they are 
in the employ of the same master, engaged in the same common 
work, and performing duties and services for the same general 
purposes, the master is not liable." Laning v. R. R., 49 N. Y. 
621. g^ 

Q. A enters into a contract with B, whereby the latter agrees 
to erect a building for A. B directs some workmen to erect a 
scaffold. They do so, using poor material, without utilizing the 
good material furnished by B for the purpose. C, an employee, 
is injured by the falling of the scaffolding, his fall being caused 
by stepping on the defective material used. He brings action 
against B. B defends on the ground that the injury was caused 
by the negligence of a fellow servant. Is the defense good ? 

A. The defense must fail. " Prior to the enactment of the 
Labor Law of 1897, the rule Was well established that a scaffold 
erected for workmen is not a place in which their work is to be 
done, within the meaning of the rule requiring a master to furnish 
a suitable place in which to do his work, but is an appliance or 
instrumentality by means of which the work is to be done, and 
that if the master furnishes proper material for the scaffold, he is 
not liable to his workmen for the negligent act of one of his em- 
ployees in building it ; but since the enactment of sec. 18 of that 
law, the scaffold is regarded as a place furnished by the master, 
upon which the servant is to work, and the duty has devolved 



TOETS. 319 

upon the master not to permit that place to be unsafe, unsuitable 
or improper. A servant of the master, in. building the scaffold, 
acts as the master himself. An employee required to use the 
scaffold is not called upon to inspect it, in order to ascertain if 
it is safe ; he has a right to assume that the master has performed 
his duty in that regard." Stewart v. Ferguson, 52 App. Div. ?*5i ^ 

Q. A, the owner of a building, erected the same knowing that 
the elevator shaft was defective. B, an employee of A, was riding 
up the same in the course of his duty, when the engineer gave the 
machinery a sudden start, which together with its defective con- 
dition caused the elevator to fall, B being severely injured. What 
are B's rights ? State your reasons. 

A. B can maintain an action against A for damages sustained 
by reason of the injuries. " The rule which excuses a master from 
liability to a servant for injuries caused by the negligence of a 
co-servant, presupposes that the master has performed the duties 
which the law imposes upon him, and that no negligence in this 
respect contributed to the injury. Where, therefore, the master 
has furnished a dangerous and defective machine, he is not excused 
from liability for an injury to his servant, which would not have 
liappened had the machinery been safe and suitable, by the fact 
that the negligence of a fellow servant co-operated in producing 
the injury ; and this, although the machine by the exercise of care 
and caution, might have been operated so as not to cause injury." 
Stringham v. Stewart, 100 N. Y. 516. 

Q.'A was working as a laborer in the iron works of B. C was 
the manager and general superintendent of the work. While 
doing some work, A was injured through the negligence of C. He 
brings action against B. Can he'-xecover? If so, upon what fact 
will the recovery depend ? If not, why not ? 

A. A can recover if the negligence of the superintendent was in 
the discharge of a duty, which the master ought to have performed, 
otherwise not. " But for the mere negligence of one employee, the 
master is not responsible to another engaged in tlie same general 
service. The liability of the master does not depend upon the 
grade or rank of the employee whose negligence causes the injury. 
A superintendent of a factory, although having power to employ 
men or represent the master in other respects is, in the manage- 



320 TORTS. 

ment of the machinery, a fellow servant of the other operatives. 
On the same principle, however low the grade or rank of the em- 
ployee, the master is liable for injuries caused by him to another 
servant, if they result from the omission of some duty of the mas- 
ter, which he has confided to some inferior employee. On this prin- 
ciple, the Flike case (53 N. Y. 549) was decided. Church, Ch. J., 
says, at page 553 : " The true rule I apprehend, is to hold the cor- 
poration liable for negligence in respect to such acts and duties, 
as it is required to perform as master, without regard to the rank 
or title of the agent entrusted with their performance. As to such 
acts, the agent occupies the place of the corporation, and the latter 
is liable for the manner in which they are performed." The lia- 
bility of the master is thus made to depend upon the character of 
the act in performance of which the injury arises, without regard 
to the rank of the employee performing it. If it is one pertaining 
to the duty the master owes to his servants, he is responsible to 
them for the manner of its performance. The converse of the 
proposition necessarily follows. If the act is one which pertains 
only to the duty of an operative, the employee performing it is a 
mere servant, and the master, although liable to strangers, is not 
liable to a fellow servant for its improper performance." Ra- 
pello, J., in Crispin v. Babbitt, 81 N. Y. 516. This case illustrates 
the so-called vice principal doctrine of this state. 

Q. A, an employee of B, was injured through the negligence of 
C, a fellow servant. C was merely an apprentice, but was allowed 
by B to do the work of a master mechanic. A brings action 
against B. Can he recover? 

A. Yes. " A master owes a duty to his servant of furnishing 
adequate and suitable tools and implements for his use, a safe and 
proper place in which to prosecute his work, and when needed, the 
employment of skillful and competent workmen to assist in the 
performance of his duties." Pantzer v. Mining Co., 99 N. Y. 368. 

Q. A is an employee in a factory, engaged in operating a ma- 
chine with unguarded cogwheels. She is injured while cleaning 
the machine through lack of such guard. The Factory Act re- 
quires that cogwheels should be guarded. A brings action against 
the owner of the factor3^ Can she recover ? 

A. No. " An employee may, by entering uppu an employment 



TORTS. ^2J 

with full knowledge of all the facts, waive under the coiaftWQil*5ii-. 
doctrine of obvious risks, the performance by the employer of the 
duty to furnish the special protection prescribed by the Factory- 
Act, regulating the employment of women and children in facto- 
ries. There is no reason, in principle or authority, why an em- 
ployee should not be allowed to assume the obvious risks of busi- 
ness, as well under the Factory Act as otherwise." Bartlett, J., 
in Knisley v. Pratt, 148 N. Y. 372. 

(Note). The doctrine of assumption of obvious risks Is stated in Gibson 
V. K. R., 63 N. Y. 449, as follows: " Where a servant enters upon an employ- 
ment, from its nature necessarily hazardous, he assumes the usual risks and 
perils of service, and all those risks which are apparent to ordinary observa- 
tion. If he accepts the service with knowledge of the character and position 
of structures from which employees might be liable to receive injury, he can- 
not call upon his master to make alterations to secure greater safety, or in 
case of injury hold him liable." 

Q. A, the owner of a building, makes an agreement with B, a 
contractor, to repair tlie roof of his house, for a certain sum. To 
do this, it is necessary to erect a scaffold over the street. A work- 
man of B carelessly let falla hammer and injures C, who is passing 
on tiie street. Wliat are the rights of C ? 

A. C can bring an action against B, but has no right of action 
against A. " Where a person is employed to perform a certain 
kind of work in the nature of repairs or improvements to a build- 
ing by the owner thereof, which requires the exercise of skill and 
judgment as a mechanic, the execution of which is left entirely to 
his discretion, with no restriction as to its exercise, and no limita- 
tion as to the authority conferred in respect to the same, such 
person does not occupy the relation of a servant under the con- 
trol of the master, but he is an independent contractor, and the 
owner is not liable for his acts, or the acts of his workmen who 
are negligent, and the cause of injury to another." Hexamer v. 
Webb, 101 N. Y. 377. " The rule, that where the relation of 
master and servant does not exist, but an injury results from 
negligence in the performance of work by a contractor, the partj^ 
with whom he contracts is not responsible for his negligence, or 
that of his servant, is well settled in New York." Reemer v. 
Striker, 142 N. Y. 134. 

(Note.) " There are certain exceptions to the independent contractor rule ; 
as 1, where the employer pei-sonally interferes with the work, and the act 
21 



322 TORTS. 

performed by him occasioned the injury; 2, where the thing contracted to be 
done is unlawful ; 3, where the acts performed create a public nuisaoce ; and 
4, where an employer is bound to do a thing efficiently by statute, and an 
Injury results from its inefficiency." Berg v. Parsons, 156 N. T. 109. 

Q. 'B is a contractor building a house for A. B is short of help, 
and borrows A's hired man and sets him at work on the building. 
While at work, he negligently lets fall a bea'in on C, a stranger, 
who is free from contributory negligence, injuring hiai. Who is 
liable, if anybody, to C ? Give the general rule. 

A. B is liable to C, because the hired man was the servant of 
B at the time of the accident. " The doctrine of respondeat 
superior applies only when the relation of master and servant is 
shown to exist between the wrongdoer and the person sought to 
be charged for the result of the wrong, at the time, and in respect 
to the very transaction out of which the injury arose. The fact 
that the party to whose wrongful or negligent act an injury may 
be traced, was at the time in the general employ and pay of another 
person, does not make the latter responsible. When one person 
lends his servant to another for a particular employment, the 
servant, for anything done in that employment, must be dealt 
with as the servant of the man to whom he is lent, although he 
remains the general servant of the man who lent him." Higgins 
V. W. U. Tel. Co., 156 N. Y. 75. 

Q. A instructs his coachman to shovel the snow off his roof, 
and to be careful not to throw any of it on the passers-by in the 
street. The coachman secures the assistance of a friend of his, 
and leaves him for a few moments. During the absence of the 
coachman, the friend injures a passer-by on the street below, by 
throwing a quantity of snow and ice upon him from the roof. 
Has the passer-by an action against any one, and if so, against 
whom ? ' 

A. He has an action against A. " One who directs his servant 
to remove snow and ice from the roof of his house, is responsible 
for an injury received by a passenger in the street, from such snow 
and ice, whether the negligence was that of a servant, or a stranger 
whom he employed or who volunteered to assist him." Althorp 
V. Wolf, 22 N. Y. 355. 

(Note.) The recent case of Long v. Richmond, 68 App. Dlv. 466, is called 
attention to. In that case the court says that : " A master is not liable for 



TOBTS. 323 

injuries to a third person, when his servant, contrary to instructions, allows 
another to d^ his work, and the injury results therefrom." 

Q. A, who is employed by B as driver for his milk wagon dur- 
ing the week, went to his master's stable on Sunday, and took 
therefrom the master's horse and carriage. While driving the 
same, he negligently runs over and injures C. C brings action 
against B. Can he recover ? 

A. He cannot recover. " A master is not liable for personal in- 
juries sustained by a third person through the negligence of his 
servant, unless the relation of master and servant existed in respect 
to the very transaction out of which the injury arose ; therefore, 
for an injury caused by the negligence of a servant, without the 
authority and when not on the business of the master, the master 
is not liable." Fish v. Coolidge, 47 App. Div. 159. 

(Note.) "A master is liable for the acts of his servant within the general 
scope of his employment, while engaged in the master's business, and dons 
with a view to the furtherance of the master's business and interest, whether 
sucli act be done negligently, wantonly, or even wilfully." Levy v. Ely, 48 
App. Div. 554. 

Q. A driver is returning with his master's load from a ware- 
house ; on the way he meets a clerk of his master, who asks him to 
go up a side street and get a personal package for the clerk ; he 
does so, and while on the side street injures C. What are the 
rights of the parties ? State the general rule. 

A. The master is not liable. " The departure of the driver from 
the ordinary route to the stables for the purpose of doing a favor 
for a co-servant, as stated in the evidence, was clearly an unauthor- 
ized deviation, and not within the scope of his duty. He cannot 
be said, within the authorities, to have been acting in the service of 
the defendant while engaged in going for the trunk and valise for 
his co-servant, and taking them to their destination. The act was 
not only without authority, but also without the knowledge or con- 
sent of the defendant or of any superior oflScer of the driver. It is 
well settled that a master is not liable for injuries sustained by the 
negligence of his servant while engaged in an unauthorized act be- 
yond the scope and duty of his employment, for his own or an- 
other's purposes, although the servant is using the implements or 
property of the master in such unauthorized act." Cavanagh v. 
Dinsmore, 12 Hun, 465. 



324 TOBTS. 

Q. A and B were employed by the X Ice Company to drive their 
wagon and supply their customers with ice. On a certain day they 
were sent with a load of ice to C who had ordered the same, with 
instructions to proceed directly to his (C's) place of business. On 
the way they stopped at D's store to sell him a cake of ice for their 
own private gain. D's store was about six blocks out of the direct 
route to C's place. After selling the cake of ice to D, they im- 
mediately proceeded to C's place. While on the way they negli- 
gently ran over and injured M. M brings action against the com- 
pany. Can he recover? State your reasons. 

A. Yes, as the accident did not occur during the deviation. 
" It is the rule, no doubt,, that a master is not necessarily relieved 
from responsibility for an injury resulting from the negligence of 
his servant, simply because the servant is at the time acting in 
disobedience to the master's orders. The question in every case is 
whether the act he was doing was one in prosecution of his master's 
business, not whether it was done in accordance with his instruc- 
tions. If the act was one, which continued until the termination, 
would have resulted in carrying out the object for which the serv- 
ant had been employed, the master would be liable for whatever 
negligence might take place during its performance, although the 
servant in doing it was not obeying the instructions of the master, 
or although he had deviated from the route prescribed by the mas- 
ter for the purpose of doing some act of his own, yet with the in- 
tention at the same time of pursuing his master's business. Within 
the rule above cited the liability still continues, unless the devia- 
tion is made, not in the prosecution of the master's business, but 
for some different and other purpose. That the fact that the de- 
fendant's employees had, for purposes of their own, deviated from 
the direct route in delivering the ice, did not of itself relieve the 
inaster from liability, although such liability might be suspended 
during the time the employees prosecuted their own affairs, as a 
liability would attach again immediately after the driver in prose- 
cution of the master's business resumed his course to the station." 
Geraty v. Nat. Ice Co., 16 App. Div. 174. 

Q. A and B being engaged in an angry altercation, B stepped 
into his office and brought out a gun, which he aimed at A in an 
excited and threatening manner, A being three or four yards dis- 
tant. B snapped the gun twice at A. A believed that the gun 



TORTS. 325 

was loaded. The gun was in fact not loaded, and B knew this. 
Has A a cause of action against B ? 

A. Yes. This is an assault, and there need be no injury done 
in order to constitute an assault. " An assault is an attempt or 
offer to beat another without touching him. The least touching 
of another's person, wilfully or in anger, is a battery." 3 Bl. 
Comm. 120. " An assault is an attempt with force or violence to 
do a corporeal injury to another, and may consist of any act tend- 
ing to such corporeal injury, accompanied with such circumstances 
as denote at the time an intention, coupled with the present abil- 
ity of using actual violence against the person." Hays v. People, 
f Hill, 351. 

SQ^ Q. A strikes B with his fist. B immediately picks up a club, 

' a^ beats A with it injuring him severely. B brings action against 

A to recover damages for assault and battery. Can he recover ? 

A. No. " A party first attacked is not entitled to maintain an 
action for assault and battery against the other party, if he, the 
first party, exceeds the bounds of self-defense. Care must be 
taken that the resistance does not exceed mere defense, so as to 
become vindictive, for then the defender would himself become 
the aggressor." Elliot v. Brown, 2 Wend. 499. 

Q. A was bookkeeper and cashier for B. He collected certain 
money from a customer of B's, and refused to give it up when re- 
quested to do so by B, claiming that the sum was due to him (A). 
B then attempted to take the money from A by force, striking and 
knocking him down, thereby injuring him severely. A brings ac- 
tion against B. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. " It is elementary that one may justify an 
assault and battery in self-defense, or in defense of his possession 
of real or personal property. But the general rule is, that a right 
of property merely, not joined with possession, would not justify 
the owner in assaulting to regain possession, though possession 
is wrongfully withheld.'' Bliss v. Johnson, 73 N. Y. 529. The 
law does not permit parties to take the settlement of conflicting 
claims into their own hands. It gives the right, of defense, but 
not of redress. The circumstances may be aggravating ; the rem- 
edy at law may seem to be inadequate ; but still the injured party 



326 TORTS. 

cannot be arbiter of his own claim. If one has entrusted his prop- 
erty to another, who afterwards honestly, though erroneously, claims 
it as his own, the owner has no right to retake it by personal force. 
See Gyre v. Culver, 47 Barb. 592. 

Q. A sues B for false imprisonment. At the trial, the judge 
charges the jury that the plaintiff in order to succeed must estab- 
lish the want of probable cause and malice, in addition to the un- 
lawful restraint. Is the charge sustainable on appeal ? 

A. No. " Even malicious motives, and the absence of probable 
cause, do not give a party arrested an action for false imprisonment. 
They may aggravate his damages, but they have nothing whatever 
to do with the cause of action." Earl, J., in Marks v. Townsend, 
97 N. y. 690. All that is necessary, in order to maintain an ac- 
tion for false imprisonment, is unlawful restraint of one's person. 

Q. B, the infant child of A, is injured by the negligence of a 
railroad company. In an action by A against the company, what 
damages are recoverable ? 

A. "In an action -brought by a parent, for loss of services of a 
minor child disabled by the tortious acts of the defendant, plain- 
tiff is entitled to recover not only for loss of services up to the 
time of the trial, but for the prospective loss during the child's 
minority ; also for expenses actually and necessarily incurred, or 
which are immediately necessary in consequence of the injury, in 
the care and cure of the child, but not for future prospective con- 
tingent expenses of this kind. It seems that such expenses can 
only be recovered, if at all, in an action by the child." Gumming 
V. R. R., 109 N. Y. 95. 

Q. A and B are husband and wife. C, the father of A, induced 
him to leave his wife ; A furnishes her with necessaries, but will 
not go back to her ; she is thereby deprived of his society. What 
action, if any, can B bring ? 

A. B can sue the fatlier for the alienation of her husband's af- 
fections. " A wife may maintain an action, under sec. 450 of the 
Code of Civ. Pro., -in her own name and for her own benefit, with- 
out joining her husband has a party, against one who has enticed 
him from her, alienated his affections, and deprived her of his so- 
.ciety." Bennett v. Bennett, 116 N. Y. 584. 



TORTS. 327 

Q. A persuades his daughter to leave her husband, and live apart 
from him, on the ground that he believes it is not proper for her to 
live vfith him, on account of statements which he has heard con- 
cerning the husband's moral character, which statements A hears 
from what he considers a reliable source, and honestly believes 
them to be true. There was in fact no foundation for the charges, 
and they were utterly false, but A acted in good faith. Can the 
husband maintain an action against the father for damages ? 

A. No, as the father acted in good faith. " It is well settled 
that a husband may maintain an action for enticing away his wife, 
or inducing her to live apart from him ; and this, whether the 
wrongdoer be the father of the wife or any other person. When 
the conduct of the husband is such as to endanger the personal 
safety of his wife, or is so immoral and indecent, as to render him 
grossly unfit for her society, so much so that she would be justified 
in abandoning him, her parents have the right to receive her into 
their house, and advise her to come there and remain, and they 
will not be answerable in damages to the husband. And the same 
doctrine is applicable to a case, where the advice is given by a 
parent, in the honest belief, justified by information received by 
him, that such circumstances exist, although the information prove 
subsequently to have been unfounded. It is sufficient for his pro- 
tection, that he was warranted in such belief, and acted from pure 
motives." Bennett v. Smith, 21 Barb. 439. 

Q. A seduces B, the minor daugliter of C. C brings action against 
him to recover damages. At the trial, the father does not show 
any actual loss of the daughter's services. B moves to dismiss. 
What should be the ruling of the court ? 

A. The motion should be denied. An action may be maintained 
by a father for seduction without proving any actual loss of serv- 
ices ; it is enough that the daughter be a minor residing with her 
father, or' that he has the right to command her services. Although 
the action for seduction is founded upon the legal fiction of loss of 
services, the damages recoverable alwaj'-s embrace injuries to the 
family reputation, etc. Hewitt v. Prime, 21 Wend. Mfe 

(Note.) Tlie father's liglit of action continues after the daughter has become 
of age, if the relation of master and servant still exists between them. If the 
daughter submits, after her majority, to her parents' exercising authority 
over her, although not under an actual engagement to serve them, the action 



328 TOETS. 

is maintainable by the parent. The slightest acts of service have been lield 
sufficient to constitute the relation of master and servant. The rule as to 
damages is the same, whether the daughter be a minor or of full age, and the 
plaintiff is not limited in his recovery to mere compensatory damages, but 
may recover exemplary damages, where he is so connected with her, as to be 
capable of receiving injury through her dishonor. Lipe v. Eisenlord, 32 Jf. T. 
229. 

Q. A, a young man, promises to marry B, a girl of nineteen 
years of age, who resides with her parents. Thereafter he seduces 
iier. What action or actions, if any, can be maintained against A ? 

A. The parent may maintain an action for the seduction. Se- 
duction under promise of marriage, is also a crime, by sec. 234 of 
the Penal Code. While the seduced party cannot maintain an 
action for her own seduction, since she has consented to the act, 
yet she may sue for breach of promise, in which action she practi- 
cally recovers damages for the seduction. 

Q. A, a physician, brings suit against B for slander, who said of 
him : " He is a blockhead ! He is not fit to treat a cow ! " The 
physician introduced no testimony of any kind as to actual damage. 
The plaintiff asked to have submitted to the jury the question of 
punitive damages. Should the court grant his request? 

A. Yes. The words spoken are actionable per se without proof 
of actual damage. The cases actionable per se are generally said 
to be the following : 1. Where the words spoken impute a criminal 
offense. 2. Where they impute having a disgraceful disease, which 
would cause the party to be excluded from society. 3. Where they 
convey a charge of unfitness, dishonestj'^, or incompetence in an 
office, profession, trade or calling. It is also provided by sec. 1906 
of the Code of Civ. Pro., that an imputation of unchastity to a 
woman is actionable without proof of special damage. In cases 
actionable per se, plaintiff is usually entitled to recover punitive 
damages. " When the falseness of an article which is actionable 
per se is proved, this is sufficient, as a general rule, to warrant the 
jury in giving exemplary or punitive damages. Proof that tliere 
was no actual malice, while not conclusive, is to be considered by 
the jury with the other evidence, in the determination of the ques- 
tion whether exemplary damages should be given or withheld," 
Bergman v. Jones, 94 N. Y. 61. 



TORTS. 329 

Q. A says of B who is a plumber, that he knows nothing of 
his trade. B brings action against A, and on the trial attempts to 
show that he has lost many customers by reason of this slander. 
He did not allege any special damage in his complaint. A objects 
to the admission of the evidence. What should be the ruling of 
the court ? 

A. The evidence should be excluded. Even in cases actionable 
per se, special damage must be alleged in order that it may be proven 
at the trial. Terwilliger v. Wands, 17 N. Y. 64. 

Q. A, the publisher of a newspaper, publishes of B, a clergyman, 
that he was seen in certain concert halls of bad reputation. He 
brings action against A, but does not allege any special damage. 
A sets up truth as a defense. What are the rights of the parties ? 

A. The clergyman can maintain the action if the words are false, 
for writings are actionable without proof of special damage, when 
they tend to hold the party up to contempt, disgrace or ridicule. 
Truth, however, in civil actions is a good defense. Root v. King, 
7 Cowen, 613. In criminal cases, truth alone is not a good defense, 
but the publication is only justified when the matter charged as 
libellous is true, and was published with good motives, and for 
justifiable ends. Penal Code, sec. 244. 

Q. A corporation engaged in the dry goods business was charged 
by a certain newspaper with being insolvent. The corporation 
brings action against the paper, without alleging special damage. 
Can the action be maintained ? 

A. Yes. The imputation of insolvency is actionable per se 
therefore the corporation can maintain the action without showing 
special damage. Bank v. Thompson, 2-3 How. Pr. 253. 

Q.. A mercantile agency published a statement, to the effect 
that a judgment for |4,000 had been rendered against A, who was 
engaged in the manufacturing business. This statement was un- 
true. A brings action without alleging any special damage. Can 
he maintain the action ? 

A. No. " The words were not in themselves libellous, as an 
imputation against the soundness of plaintiff's financial condition. 
The mere recovery of a judgment does not necessarily import de- 



330 TOETS. 

fault in the payment of a debt. There is nothing to indicate in 
defendant's report, that the judgment was produced by any cause 
prejudicial to the credit of the plaintiff. It seems, that, upon an 
averment and proof of special damages resulting from such a false 
publication, an action would be sustainable." Woodruff v. Brad- 
street, 116 N. Y. 217. 

Q. The defendant — a news publishing company — on the trial of 
an action brought to recover damages for publishing a libellous 
article concerning plaintiff, sought to prove in mitigation of dam- 
ages, that the plaintiff had in two other actions, obtained judgments 
aggregating $2,000 against other newspapers for having published 
the identical libel complained of in this action, and that said judg- 
ments had been paid, all of which the defendant duly pleaded. 
State whether or not the evidence should be admitted. Give your 
reasons. 

A. The evidence should not be admitted. "Thus a previous 
judgment against the proprietor of a newspaper, even though sat- 
isfied, is no bar to an action for the same libel against the author. 
A fortiori, that heavj^ damages have been recovered against one 
newspaper, is no bar to an action against another newspaper which 
has published the same libel. Such previous recovery should not 
even be mentioned to the jury in mitigation of damages, nor should 
it be stated that such other actions are pending." Odgers on Libel 
and Slander, p. 457. 

Q. A sues B for libel. B, at the trial, attempts to show in mit- 
igation of damages, that A has at various times committed acts 
similar to the one charged in the statement. Should he be allowed 
to do so? 

A. No. A defendant will not be allowed to show in mitiga- 
tion of damages for a specific libel, other and disconnected im- 
moral acts on the part of the plaintiff, but can only attack the 
plaintiff's general bad character. Holmes v. Jones, 147 N. Y. 59. 

r^^. A, a lawyer, on the trial of a certain action, in summing up 
to the jury, denounces B as a liar and a perjurer. This is abso- 
lutely false. B brings an action against A for slander, and at the 
trial attempts to show that the statements were made maliciously. 
Can he do so, and is the action maintainable ? 



TORTS. 331 

A. The evidence cannot be admitted, and the action cannot be 
maintained. Statements made by counsel in addressing the jury, 
when pertinent to the issue, are absolutely privileged, and no evi- 
dence of malice is admissible. Marsh v. Ellsworth, 50 N. Y. 309. 

(Note). The distinction must be drawn between absolute and qualified 
privilege. In the former, the protection is complete, and no evidence of mal- 
ice is admissible; the latter is only effectual for protection when the state- 
ments are not made maliciously; if malice is shown, the privilege fails. The 
rule as to qualified privilege is stated in sec. 253 of the Penal Code as follows: 
" A communication made to a person entitled to or interested in the commun- 
ication by one who was also interested in or entitled to make it, or who stood 
in sucli a relation to the former as to afford a reasonable ground for suppos- 
ing his motive innocent, is presumed not to be malicious, and is called a 
privileged communication." 

Q. A, an intimate friend of B and her family, in good faith, 
tells the father and brother of B, that C, to whom B is engaged, 
has been convicted of a felony. Has C any right of action, and if 
so, what? 

A. He can maintain an action for slander. The statement not 
being in answer to an inquirj', was not privileged. " A mere 
friendly acquaintance or regard does not impose a duty of com- 
municating charges of a defamatory character concerning a third 
person, although they maybe told to one who has a strong interest 
in knowing them. The duty of refraining from the utterance of 
slanderous words, without knowing or ascertaining their truth, far 
outweighs any claim of mere friendship^ A communication made 
bona fide upon any subject matter in which the party communicat- 
ing has an interest, or in reference to which he has a duty is privi- 
leged, if made to a person having a corresponding interest or duty, 
although it contained criminating matter which, without this privi- 
lege, would be slanderous and actionable; and this, though the 
duty be not a legal one, but only a moral or social duty of imper- 
fect obligation. ... It is easy enough to apply the rule in cases 
where both parties, the one making 'arid the other receiving the 
communication, are interested in it, or ^'here the parties are related, 
or where it is made upon request, to a party who has an interest in 
receiving it, or where the party^makitig it~has an interest to sub- 
serve, or where the party making it is under a legal duty to make 
it. But when the piivilege rests simply upon the moral duty to 
make the communication, there has been much uncertainty in ap- 
plying the rule. The difficulty is to determine what is meant by 



B32 TOETS. 

the term " moral duty," and whether in any given case there is such 
a duty." Earl, J., in Byam v. Collins, 111 N. Y. 143, the leading 
case in this state on the subject of privileged communications. 

i^ Q. A tells B that the stock of a certain corporation is a safe and 
I goM investment, honestly believing that what he said was true. 
B relying on the statements, buys some of the stock. It is worth- 
less, and B loses his money. B comes to you for advice. What 
are his rights? 

~^A. He has no rights against A, as the statements were merely 
opinions, and therefore not fraudulent. The elements of an action 
for fraud and deceit are not here present. The elements of such 
an action are : 1. False representations of material facts by the de- 
fendant. 2. That defendant knew they were false, or should have 
known so. 3. Plaintiff believed and had a right to believe that 
they were true. 4. That defendant intended that the statements 
should be acted upon. 5. That plaintiff did act upon them to his 
damage. See Arthur v. Griswold, 55 N. Y. 400; Brackett v. 
Griswold, 112 N. Y, 454. 



\k: 



Q. A owns a farm some distance away. B wishes to buy, and 
goes to A and inquires. A tells him that the farm is worth $50 per 
acre, but in reality it is only worth f 10 per acre. A also tells him 
that if he wishes he would take him out to see the farm, or if he 
wishes he can inquire as to its value. B purchases without doing 
either. What rights has B in the matter under the circumstances ? 

A. He has no rights. "Upon the question of value, the pur- 
chaser must rely upon his own judgment, and it is his folly to rely 
upon the representations of the vendor in that respect." Ellis v. 
Andrews, 56 N. Y. 83. " I think the general rule is, that if the 
facts represented are not matters peculiarly within the one party's 
knowledge, and the other party has the means available to him of 
knowing by the exercise of ordinary diligence, the truth or real 
quality of the subject of the representation, he must make use of 
those means, or he will not be heard to complain that he was in- 
duced to enter into the transaction by misrepresentation." Gray, J ., 
in Schumaker v. Mather, 133 N. Y. 590. 

Q. A owns a certain farm and offers to sell it to B for f 2,000, 
telling him that it is fully worth that amount. The farm is situ- 



TORTS. 333 

ated some ten miles distant, and B is a stranger in that neighbor- 
hood. B relies entirely upon A"s representations, and hence does 
not go to see tlie farm before buying it. The farm turns out to 
be worth less than il,000. What are B's rights ? 

A. He can sue A for the damages sustained by reason of the 
fraud, as the facts show actionable d^c,eit. ^STJie rule is well 
stated, that a naked assertion by the'" vendor ^of thTe property of- ^ 
fered for sale, even though untrue of itself, and known to be such 
by him, unless there is a want of knowledge on the part of the 
vendee^ and the sale is made in entire reliance upon the represen-^ 
tation, or unless some artifice is employed to prevent inquiry or 
the obtaining of knowledge by the vendee, will not render the 
vendor liable for damages." Chrysler v. Canaday, 90 N. Y. 272. 

Q. A sells laniJtb'B, In order to induce B to purchase, A told 
him tha,t he had paid #2^500 for the land to C, from whom he 
CA) had bought it. B thereupon paid |2,500 for the land. As a 
matter of fact, A had only paid $1,000, and the property was not 
worth more than that amount. What are B's rights? 

A. B may maintain an action for fraud and deceit. A false 
representation deliberately made by the vendor, when about to sell 
land, to the party proposing to purchase, as to the price he paid 
for it shortly before, to ^i^mmL owner, which was intended and 
did influence the purCT^^^l actionable deceit. Fairchild v. 
McMahon, 139 N. Y. 290. 

Q. A has certain moneys in his house ; he misses the same, and 
suspecting B, a servant, of having taken the moneys, he has him 
(B) arrested and indicted for larceny. The servant alone had 
access to the room where the moneys were kept. On the trial, it 
appearing that the moneys were found, having been misplaced, B 
was acquitted. He sues A for malicious prosecution. Can he 
recover ? 

A. No, for A had reasonable cause for instituting the prosecu- 
tion. In order to maintain the action for malicious prosecution, 
three things are necessary : 1. That the prosecution is at an end, 
and was determined in favor of the plaintiff. 2. Want of probable 
cause. 3. Malice. " A real belief, and reasonable grounds for it, 
must concur to afford a justification. Good faith alone is not suf- 
ficient." Farnam v. Feeley, 56 N. Y. 451. 



334 TOETS. 

(Note.) " To authorize a recovery, in an action for malicious prosecution in 
bringing a civil action wherein the defendant was unsuccessful, clear and sat- 
isfactory proof of all the fundamental facts constituting plaintiff's case must 
be given. Costs awarded to a successful defendant in a civil action are the 
indemnity which the law gives him for a groundless prosecution, and actions 
for malioions prosecution based thereon are not to be encouraged." Fei'guson 
V. Arnow, 142 N. Y. 580. 

Q. A is engaged in blasting rock on his own land. In the proc- 
ess of blasting, some of the rock was thrown on the house of B, 
doing considerable damage. A used all due care in doing the 
work. B brings action against A. Can he recover? 

• A. Yes. The owner of land Is liable for committing a trespass 
on the lands of his neighbor, by casting rocks thereon, although he 
exercised all due care in doin^ the wo^. Here there was a 
physical invasion of the land of the plaintiff, and therefore the 
defendant is liable, even though there was no negligence. Hay 
V. Cohoes Co., 2 N. Y. 159. 

Q. A, in building the foundation for his house, is obliged to 
blast certain rock. The work of blasting causes the building of 
his neighbor B to shake, doing great damage. B brings action 
against A for the damages sustained. Conceding that A used all 
due care in blasting, is he liable to B ? 

A. No. A is not liable in the ^jjjhj^^^ negligence, for there 
was no trespass, no part of the ro^Kiaving been cast upon B's 
land. " There are many acts which the owner of land may law- 
fully do, although they bring annoyance, discomfort, or injurj-^ to 
his neighbor, which are damnum absque injuria. ... But here 
the defendant was engaged in a lawful act. It was done upon his 
own land, to fit it for a lawful business. It was not an act which, 
under all circumstances, would produce injury to his neighbor, as 
is shown by the fact that other buildings near by were not injured. 
The immediate act was confined to his own land ; but the blasts bj'' 
setting the air in motion, or in some other unexplained way, caused 
an injury to the plaintiff's house. The blasting was necessary, 
was carefully done, and the injury was consequential. There was 
no technical trespass. Under these circumstances, we think, the 
plaintiff has no legal ground for complaint." Andrews, Ch. J., 
in Booth v. Rome Ry. Co., 140 N. Y. 267. 

Q. A has a certain steam boiler upon his land for use in his 



TORTS. 335 

business. Tlirough no fault of his, the boiler explodes, injuring 
the dwelling house of B, his neighbor. B brings suit against him. 
Can he recover ? ♦ 

A. No. " Where one places a steam boiler upon his premises, 
and operates the same with care and skill, so that it is no nuisance, 
in the absence of proof of fault or negligence on his part, he is not 
liable for damages to his neighbor, occasioned by the explosion 
of the boiler. If the explosion was caused by a defect in the 
manufacture of the boiler, he is not liable in the absence of proof 
that such defect was known to him, or was discoverable upon ex- 
amination or by the application of known tests." Losee v. Bu- 
chanan, 51 N. Y. 476. 

Q. A, while lawfully traveling upon a public highway, was 
killed by a blow from a piece of rock which fell upon him from and 
by reason of a blast exploded by B upon his adjoining land. B, 
for the lawful purpose of improving his land, was engaged in blast- 
ing the rock. He used the most scientific of methods, and was 
skillful and without negligence. On the trial of an action for 
damages for causing A's death, the above facts appeared, and both 
sides moved for judgrnent. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A's representatives. A person who for a law- 
ful purpose and without an^Sffi|||igence or want of skill, does blast- 
ing upon his own land, and tnereby causes a piece of rock to fall 
on a person, lawfully traveling on a public highway, is liable for 
the injury inflicted, and in an action brought against him to re- 
cover damages for the death of the person injured, by his represen- 
tatives, it is not essential for the plaintiffs to establish negligence 
or want of care, in order to make out a cause of action. Sullivan 
V. Dunham, 161 N. Y. 290. 

(Note.) The distinction between this case, and that of Losee v. Buchanan, 
supra, is, that the latter was not a case of an intentional, but of an accidental, 
explosion. 

Q. A was a law book seller, 4ind. employed B as porter. B stole 
certain valuable books, and sold them to C. C, in the usual 
course of his business, sold them >vith other books to D. D sells 
the books to E. A, discovering the facts, without making any 
demand upon D, sues him in conversion. D had no knowledge of 
the theft. Can the action be maintained ? Give your reasons. 



336 TOKTS. 

A. Yes. The act of selling the books to E was an unlawful 
exercise of ownership over A's property, amounting to a conversion, 
and therefore no demand was necessaryi " The assumed sale by 
the porter of the plaintiffs to Perry was wholly nugatory and con- 
veyed no title. On like grounds, the sale by Perry to the defend- 
ants' was without effect. They were constructively in possession 
of the plaintiff's property without the consent of the latter. This 
exercise of an act of ownership or dominion over the plaintiff's 
property, assuming to sell and dispose of it as their own, was with- 
in reason and the authorities, an act of conversion to their own 
use. The assumed act of ownership was inconsistent with the 
dominion of the plaintiffs, and this is of the essence of a conver- 
sion. Knowledge and intent on the part of the defendant are not 
material. So long as the defendants had exercised no act of 
ownership over the property, and acted in good faith, a demand 
and refusal would be necessary to put them in the wrong and con- 
stitute conversion. Until such demand, there is no apparent 
inconsistency with their possession and the plaintiff's ownership. 
After a sale had been made by the defendants, they have assumed 
to be the owners, and will be estopped to deny in an action by 
the lawful owner, the natural consequences of their act, and to 
resist an action for the value of the goods. As according to these 
views, the conversion took place at the moment of the unauthorized 
sale by the. present defendants, no demand was necessary; the sole 
object of a demand being to turn an otherwise lawful possession 
into an unlawful one by reason of a refusal to comply with it, and 
thus to supply evidence of a conversion." Dwight, C, in Pease 
V. Smith, 61 N. Y. 477, a leading case. 

Q. A brings an action against B to restrain him from operating 
a furnace, claiming that it is a nuisance, and that the smoke and 
cinders escaping therefrom annoy him and his family. B defends 
on the ground that his business is a lawful one, and that he has 
operated the furnace under the same conditions for the past ten 
years. Judgment for whom and why? 

A. Judgment for A. The length of time and the lawfulness 
of the business are no defense. " If one carry on a lawful trade 
or business in such a manner as to prove a nuisance to his neigh- 
bor, he must answer in damages, and it is notnecessary to a right 
of action that the owner should be driven from his dwelling ; it 



TOETS. 337 

is enough that the enjoyment of life and property be rendered un- 
comfortable." Bohan v. P. J. G. L. Co., 122 N. Y. 18. 

Q. A mill burns soft coal. A*s dwelling is near the mill, and 
smoke and cinders enter his house, and the vibrations of the ma- 
chinery are felt there. It also affects all other residents in the lo- 
cality in the same manner. A brings action in tort for damages. 
Can he recover, and why ? 

A. Yes, as he has sustained special damage. " The evidence 
showed that other houses in the vicinity were affected similarly 
to those of the plaintiff. The ground of the motion was, that as 
the stench injured a large number of houses, the nuisance was 
common, and therefore no one could maintain an action for his 
particular injury, the only remedy being an indictment for the 
common injury to the public. The error of this is obvious both 
upon principle and authority. The idea that if by a wrongful 
act, a serious injury is inflicted upon a single individual, a recovery 
may be had, therefore, against the wrongdoer, and if by the same 
act numbers are so injured, no recovery can be had by any one, is 
absurd. The rule is, that one erecting and maintaining a common 
nuisance is not liable to an action at the suit of one who had sus- 
tained no damage therefrom, except such -as is common to the en- 
tire community, yet he is .liable to one who has sustained damages 
peculiar to himself. No matter how numerous the persons may 
be, who have sustained this peculiar damage, each is entitled to 
compensation for his injury." Earl, J. in Francis v. Schoellkopf, 
53 N. Y. 152. " The mere fact of a business being carried on 
which may be shown to be immoral, and therefore prejudicial to 
the character of the neighborhood, furnishes of itself no ground 
for equitable interference at the suit of a private person; and 
though the use of property may be unlawful or unreasonable, un- 
less special damage can be shown, a neighboring property owner 
cannot base thereupon any private right of action. It is for the 
public authorities acting in the common interest to interfere for 
the suppression of a common nuisance. If the business is unlaw- 
ful, the complainant in a private action must show special dam- 
age, by which the legitimate use of his adjoining property has 
been interfered with, or its occupation rendered unfit or uncom- 
fortable. That the perpetrator of the nuisance is amenable to 
the provisions and penalties of the criminal law, is not an answer 
22 



338 TOKTS. 

to an action against him by a private person to recover for injuries 
sustained, and for an injunction against tlie continued use of his 
premises in a similar manner." Gray, J., in Cranford v. Tyrrell, 
128 N. Y. 341. 

Q. A goes upon B's premises seeking employment as a farm 
hand. While upon the premises a defective steam boiler explodes 
and severely injures him. He brings action against B. Can he re- 
cover? 

A. No. " A person who goes upon the land of another without 
invitation, to secure employment of the owner of the land, is not 
entitled to indemnity from such owner for an injury happening 
from the operation of a defective machine on the premises, not ob- 
viously dangerous, which he passes in the course of his journey. 
Though it may be shown that the owner might have ascertained 
the defect by the exercise of reasonable care, he owed no legal duty 
to a stranger so coming upon his premises which required him to 
keep the machinery in repair." Larmore v. Iron Co., 101 N. Y. 
391. 

Q. A brings action against B for negligence. B demurs to A's 
complaint on the ground that it does not state that the plaintiff 
was free from contributory negligence, and hence does not state 
facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action. What should be 
the decision on the demurrer? 

A. The demurrer should be overruled. " It is not essential that 
the complaint in an action for negligence shall allege the absence 
of contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff ; such an al- 
legation is substantially involved in the averment that the injury 
complained of was caused by the defendant's negligence. To prove 
this averment it is necessary, and the burden is on the plaintiff to 
establish that his own negligence did not cause or contribute to 
the injury." Lee v. Troy Gas Co., 98 N. Y. 115. 

r^^^J^A child of the age of four years, while playing in the middle 
of the street, is run over by one of the cars of the X Street Ry. Co. 
The parent brings action against the company. The company de- 
fends on the ground that the child was guilty of contributory neg- 
ligence. Is this defense good? 

A. Yes. " Where a child of such tender age as not to possess 



TOKTS. 339 

sufficient discretion to avoid danger, is permitted by his parents to 
be in a public highway without any one to guard him, and is there 
run over by a traveler and injured, the traveler is not liable. In 
such an action if the plaintiff is negligent, there can be no recov- 
ery, and although the child, by reason of tender age, is incapable of 
using that ordinary care which is required of a discreet and pru- 
dent person, the want of such care on the part of the parents and 
guardians of the child furnishes the same answer to an action by 
the child as would its omission on the part of the plaintiff in an 
action by an adult." Hartfield v. Roper, 21 Wend. 615. This case 
although much criticised is the settled law of this state, and the 
negligence of the custodian must be imputed to a plaintiff non sui 
juris. See Mangan v. R. R., 38 N. Y. 455 ; Huerzeller v. R. R., 
139 N. Y. 490. 

Q. A was traveling on a public highway when B's building col- 
lapsed ; a part of the same struck and severely injured him. He 
brings action against B, and at the trial shows the above facts, and 
rests. Both sides move for judgment. What should be the ruling 
of the court? 

A. Judgment for A, as negligence is presumed. " The owner 
of a building adjoining a street or highway is under a legal obli- 
gation to take reasonable care that it is kept in proper condition so 
that it shall not fall into the street and injure persons lawfully 
there. From the happening of such an accident, in the absence of 
explanatory circumstances, negligence will be presumed, and the 
burden is upon the owner of sliovving the use of ordinary care." 
Mullen V. St. John, 57 N. Y. 567. See also Hogan v. Manhattan 
El. Road, 149 N. Y. 23, as to the presumption of negligence aris- 
ing from the falling of articles from the elevated structure into the 
streets. 

Q. A is a passenger on a train of the Erie R. R. While in the 
course of the journey, a collision occurs between the train on 
which he is riding, and a train of the Penn. R. R., through which 
A receives severe injuries. The engineers of both trains were 
guilty of negligence. He brings action against the Penn. R. R., 
which defends on the ground that the engineer of the train on 
which A was riding was guilty of negligence. Judgment for 
whom and why ? 



340 TOETS. 

A. Judgment for A ; the negligence of the engineer of the train 
on which A was riding is not imputable to him. " He was a pas- 
senger on the cars, conducting himself as he lawfully ought, having 
no control over the train or its management ; on the contrary, 
bound to submit to the regulations of the company and the direc- 
tions of their officers. To say that he is chargeable with negli- 
gence because they have been guilty, is plainly not founded on any 
fact of conduct on his part, but is mere fiction." Chapman v. R. 
R., 19 N. Y. 341. 



T-Q- 



^ Q. A invites B for a carriage ride. They both sit on the seat 
of the vehicle. Through A's negligence, a collision occurs with 
another carriage driven by C, the owner ; the latter was also guilty 
of negligence. B sustains severe injuries, and brings action against 
C. Can he recover ? 

A. No. " It is no less the duty of a passenger where he has the 
opportunity to do so, than of the driver to learn of danger and 
qavoid it if practicable. This rule applies where both driver and pas- 
senger are on the same seat, and not where the passenger is seated 
away from the driver and is without opportunity to discover the 
danger and inform the driver of it." Brickell v. R. R., 120 N. Y. 
290. 



TRUSTS. 341 



CHAPTER XX. 

Trusts. ■*- 

Q. A, by his will, leaves certain lands in trust to apply the rents 
and profits to .the use of two persons who are living, and then to 
convey to Yale College. Is the trust valid ? 

A. Yes, as the power of alienation is not suspended for more 
than two lives in being. Sec. 32 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, 
governing the suspension of the power of alienation, is as follows : 
" The absolute power of alienation is suspended, where there are 
no persons in being by whom an absolute fee in possession can be 
conveyed. Every future estate shall b^ void in its creation, which 
shall suspend the absolute power of alienation by any limitation or 
condition whatever, for a longer period than during the continu- 
ance of not more than two lives in being at the creation of the 
estate ; except that a contingent remainder in fee may be created 
on a prior I'emainder in fee, to take effect in the event that the 
persons to whom the first remainder is limited, die under the age 
of twenty-one years, or on any other contingency bj- which the 
estate of such person may be determined before they attain full 
age." 

Q. A by will devises real property to B, in trust to pay over the 
rents and profits to C, D and E during their joint lives, and on the 
death of all, to convey it to F in fee. The instrument also gives 
power to B sell the land at any time and deliver the proceeds to F. 
Is it a valid trust ? If so, why ? If not, why not ? 

A. Yes, the trust is valid. " Where the trustee is empowered 
to sell the land, without restriction as to time, the power of aliena- 
tion is not suspended, although the alienation in fact may be post- 
poned by the non-action of the trustee, or in consequence of a dis- 
cretion reposed in him by the creator of the trust. The Statute of 
Perpetuities is pointed only to the suspension of the power of aliena- 
tion, and not at all to the time of its actual exercise. Where a 



342 TRUSTS. 

trust for sale or distribution is made, without restriction as to time, 
and the trustees are empowered to receive the rents and profits 
pending the sale for the beneficiaries, the fact that the interest of 
the beneficiaries is inalienable by statute, during the existence of 
the trust, does not suspend the power of alienation, for the reason 
that the trustees are persons in being who can at any time convey 
an absolute fee in possession." Robert v. Corning, 89 N. Y. 225. 



\K< 



<5. A will contains a clause, by which a sum of money is given 
to a trustee to invest in securities of any kind, and accumulate the 
profits for a term of twenty years, and then, to pay the fund with 
income to the children of the testator in equal shares. Is the trust 
valid ? 

A. The trust is not valid. The Personal Prop. Law of 1897, 
sec. 2, provides as follows : , " The absolute ownership of personal 
property shall not be suspended by any limitation or condition for 
a longer period than during the continuance, and until the termina- 
tion of not more than two lives in being at the date of the instru- 
ment containing such limitation or condition ; or if such instru- 
ment be a will, for not more than two lives in being at the death 
of the testator, in other respects, limitations of future or contin- 
gent interests in personal property are subject to the rules pre- 
scribed in relation to future estates in real property." The power 
of alienation is here suspended during a fixed and arbitrarj- period 
of time, suspended by the provision wMch compels the holding of 
the estate in the hands of the trustee intact, during twenty years 
subsequent to the death of the testator, the holding being merely 
for the purpose of accumulation during that time, of the interest 
and income. This provision violates the statute in this respect, 
that the period during which the power of alienation is suspended 
thereby is not measured by lives. The trust that is created by the 
provision is not determinable within any two ascertained lives ; 
the trust is not limited by lives, but by a fixed period, and under 
the statute the trust in order to be valid must be measured by lives. 
Rice V. Barrett, 102 N. Y. 161. 

Q. A dies, leaving a will by which his estate is given to his 
wife upon certain trusts, the trust being to hold the estate for her 
use, and the maintenance and suppoi't of the children, until the 
youngest child living at the death of the testator should arrive at 



TRUSTS. 343 

the age of twenty-one, or would arrive at the age of twenty-one if 
living. This provision is attacked on the ground that it unlaw- 
fully suspends the power of alienation. What should the de- 
cision be ? 

A. The provision is void, because an arbitrary time is fixed, the 
time when the infant if living would have attained the age of 
twenty-one, during which time the power of alienation is suspended. 
The period during which the power of alienation is suspended is 
not measured by two lives, but by any arbitrary and fixed time. 
In this respect, the provision contravenes the statute, and is there- 
fore void. See 117 N. Y. 438. 

Q. A, by his will, leaves his property in trust to his executors, 
to pay the income? to his widow for twenty years, and at the end 
of that period to divide it among his children. Is the trust 
valid ? 

A. The trust is valid. The power of alienation is not suspended 
for more than one life in being, as the trust terminates if the 
widow dies before the expiration of the twenty years ; for the ob- 
ject of the trust being the payment of the income, would be ful- 
filled upon her death, and the trust would therefore cease with 
her life. The trust is therefore measured by her life, and being 
measured by a life, and not by an arbitrary period of time, comes 
within the statute, and is therefore valid. Sec. 89 of the Real 
Prop. Law of 1896 provides as follows : " When the purpose for 
which an express trust is created ceases, the estate of the trustee 
shall also cease." The trust is valid under this section, as the 
widow's death would terminate the trust. 

Q. A, by his will, devises his real estate in trust, to keep the 
property intact, and to accumulate the income until his son C 
became thirty years of age, and then to give him the property and 
the accumulated income. At the time A died, C was nineteen 
years of age. C consults you as to the legal effect of the trust. 
What is your advice ? 

A. The trust is valid, until C becomes twenty-one years of 
age, according to sec. 51 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which in 
part is as follows : " All directions for the accumulation of rents 
and profits of real property, except such as are allowed by statute, 



344 TRrrsTS. 

shall be void. An accumulation of the rents and profits of real 
property for the benefit of one or more persons may be directed 
by any will or deed sufficient to pass real property as follows : 
1. If such accumulations be directed to commence on the creation 
of the estate out of which the rents and profits are to arise, it 
must be made for the benefit of one or more minors then in being, 
and terminate at or before the expiration of their minority. 3. If 
in either case, such direction be for a longer term than during the 
minority of the beneficiaries, it shall be void only to the time 
beyond such minority." 



^ 



A bequeathed his personal estate in trust, and after author- 
izing the expenditure of a certain sum for the support of a minor 
child, he directed that the unexpended income should be added to 
the capital of the trust fund, and that the income of the whole 
fund should be payable to the child, after reaching the age of 
twenty-one. The testator then directed that on the death of the 
child, the whole fund, including the accumulation of unexpended 
income, should be paid to the other persons named in the will. 
On becoming of age, the child consults you. What are his rights? 

A. The child is entitled to the income given to him by the pro- 
visions of the will, as the direction for the accumulation of the 
income is valid under sec. 4 of the Personal Prop. Law of 1897, 
which is as follows : " An accumulation of income of personal 
property directed by any instrument sufficient in law to pass such 
property is valid : 1. If directed to commence from the date of 
the instrument, or the death of the person executing the same, 
and to be made for the benefit of one or more minors then in 
being, or in being at such death, and to terminate at or before the 
expiration of their miuodty. 2. If directed to commence at any 
period subsequent to the date of the instrument, or subsequent to 
the death of the person executing it, and directed to commence 
within the time allowed for the suspension of the absolute owner- 
ship of personal property, and at some time during the minority 
of the persons for whose benefit it is intended, and to terminate 
at or before the expiration of their minority. All other directions 
for the accumulation of income of personal property not author- 
ized by statute are void ; but a direction for any such accumula- 
tion for a longer term than the minority of the persons intended 
to be benefited thereby has the same effect as if limited to the 




TKXTSTS. 345 

minority of such persons, and is void as respects the time beyond 
such minority." 

Q. A, by his will, devises his realty to trustees, to collect the 
rents and profits, and pay a certain portion for the support of B, 
his infant son then eight years old, until the infant arrives at age, 
the remainder of the income to be accumulated until the expira- 
tion of B's minority, when the realty and the accumulations are to 
go to C and D in fee. B died at the age of seventeen. In whom, 
and .when does the legal estate vest, and who is entitled to the ac- 
cumulations in the hands of the trustees at B's death ? 

A. The legal estate vests in the remainder-men, C and D, and 
they are therefore entitled to the accumulations, according to 
sec. 53 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which is as follows : 
" When in consequence of a valid limitation of an expectant es- 
tate, there is a suspension of the power of alienation, or of the 
ownership, during the continuance of which the rents and profits 
are undisposed of, and no valid direction for their accumulation 
is given, such rents and profits shall belong to the persons pre- 
sumptively entitled to the next eventual estate." 

■ Q. A father is entrusted with $10,000 by a will, to hold in 
trust for his infant son. He buys real estate with the money and 
takes title in his own name. He subsequently sells the same to a 
third party, who pays full value and has no notice of the fact. 
The son on becoming of age consults you. What would you 
advise ? 

A. He cannot follow the property into the hands of the third 
party as the latter is a bona fide purchaser ; his only remedy is by 
action against tlie father. " In courts of equity, the doctrine is well 
settled and is uniformly applied, that when a person standing in a 
fiduciary relation misapplies or ^iverts a trust fund into another 
species of property, the beneficiary will be entitled to the property 
acquired. The doctrine is illustrated, and applied most frequently 
in cases of trust, where trust moneys have been, by the fraud or 
violation of duty of the trustee, diverted from the purposes of the 
trust, and converted into other property. In such cases, a court 
of equity will follow the trust fund into the property into which 
it has been converted, and appropriate it for the indemnity of the 
beneficiary. It is immaterial in what way the change has been 



346 TEUSTS. 

made, whether money has been laid out in land, or land has been 
turned into money, or how the legal title to the converted prop- 
erty has been placed. Equity only stops the pursuit, when the 
means of ascertainment fail, or the rights of bona fide purchasers 
for value and without notice of the trust have intervened." New- 
ton V. Porter, 69 N. Y. 133. Sec. 75 of the Real Prop. Law of 
1896 shows that the son in this case cannot claim that a trust for 
his benefit resulted in the property as against the bona fide pur- 
chaser. This section provides as follows : " An implied or result- 
ing trust shall not be alleged or established, to defeat or prej- 
udice the title of a purchaser for a valuable consideration without 
notice of the trust." 

Q. A gives his attorney, B, 15,000, to invest in bond and 
mortgage. B takes the money, and purchases a piece of land with 
it, taking title thereto in his own name. What are A's rights ? 

A. A can compel a conveyance to himself, as a trust resulted in 
his favor, according to sec. 74 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, 
which is as follows : " A grant of real property for a valuable con- 
sideration to one person, the consideration being paid by another, 
is presumed fraudulent as against the creditors, at that time, of 
the person paying the consideration, and unless a fraudulent intent 
is disproved, a trust results in favor of such creditors, to an ex- 
tent necessary to satisfy their just demands, but the title vests 
in the grantee, and no use or trust results from the payment to the 
person paying the consideration or in his favor, unless the grantee 
either, 1. Takes the same as an absolute conveyance in his own 
name, without the consent or knowledge of the person paying the 
consideration, or 2. In violation of some trust purchases the property 
so conveyed with money or property belonging to another." 

Q. A father, with the intention of defrauding his creditors, 
purchases a certain piece of property for |5,000, but by his direc- 
tion the deed is drawn in the name of his son. Subsequently, he 
demands that the son convey the land to him, and upon the son's 
refusal, brings an action in equity, alleging that the son at the 
time of the transaction, agreed with him that he would convey the 
property whenever the father so desired. Judgment for whom 
and why? 

A. Judgment for the son. " Voluntary conveyances are effectual 



TRUSTS. 347 

as between the parties, and cannot be set aside by the grantor, 
though he afterwards becomes dissatisfied with the transaction. 
Where land is purchased by a father and paid for by him, but the 
conveyance is made to his son, by the direction of tlie father, for the 
purpose of defrauding the creditors of the latter, no trust will re- 
sult in favor of the father, in consequence of his having paid the con- 
sideration money ; but as between the father and the son, and those 
claiming under the father, the conveyance is absolute and vests in 
the son the entire legal and equitable interest." Proseus v. Mc- 
Intyre, 5 Barb. 424. " A deed in fee may not be so far contradicted 
by parol, as to show that it was not intended to operate at all, or 
that it was the intention or agreement of the parties that the 
grantee should acquire no rights under it, or that he should recon- 
vey on request of the grantor and without consideration." Hutch- 
ins V. Hutchins, 98 N. Y. 56. 

Q. A executed and delivered to a N. Y. Trust Co. a deed of 
trust to his real estate, the income of which he directed should be 
paid to him during his life, and at his death the property should 
be conveyed to persons designated in his will, or to his heirs-at-law 
in case no such persons are designated. Thereafter A becomes 
indebted to B for $10,000. B obtains judgment against A for the 
110,000 ; execution is returned unsatisfied. What is the nature 
and effect of the trust deed, and what are the rights of B ? 

A. The trust is void and B can follow the property. A person 
will not be allowed to put his property in trust with remainder 
over, reserving to himself the life interest subject to the expenses 
of the trust, and thereby put the life interest beyond the reach 
of creditors whose claims arose after the creation of the trust. A 
trust created by the debtor, and by which he is the beneficiary, 
does not protect his interest from the claims of creditors. Schenck 
V. Barnes, 156 N. Y. 316. 

Q. A is a trustee of an estate. He puts $5,000 of the trust funds 
in a bank, together with $5,000 of his own money. The entii-e 
amount was credited to him personally. The bank fails. No fraud 
is charged against the trustee. Is he liable to the estate for the 
loss sustained? 

A. The trustee is liable. " A strict observance of established 
rules requires that trust funds received for investment, in the ab- 



348 TETJSTS. 

sence of any discretion in the matter, shall be inrested as speedily 
as it is reasonably possible, in the modes which the law recognizes 
to be prudent and proper. While awaiting investment or distri^ 
bution, it is manifestly in the line of the more correct performance 
of the trustee's duty, that he shall place and hold them separately 
and apart from his own funds. If he fail to do so, and loss ensues, 
he becomes personally liable." Matter of Nesmith, 140 N. Y. 609. 



Q. For what purposes may trusts be created in this state ? 

A. Trusts may be created for the four purposes mentioned in 
sec. 76 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which is as follows : " An 
express trust may be created for one or more of the following pur- 
poses : 1. To sell property for the benefit of creditors. 2. To sell, 
mortgage or lease real property for the benefit of annuitants or 
other legatees, or for the purpose of satisfying any charge thereon. 

3. To receive the rents and profits of real property, and apply them 
to the use of any person, during the life of that person, or for any 
shorter term, subject to the provisions of law relatmg thereto. 

4. To receive the rents and profits of real property, and to accu- 
mulate the same for the purposes and within the limits pi'escribed 
by law." 



Q. A goes to the X Savings Bank, and opens an account in the 
^'name of B. A does not inform B of what he has done, nor does 
he, at the time of making the deposit, make any statement or dec- 
laration to the receiving teller beyond giving his name, address, 
etc. A subsequently dies intestate, and his heirs and B both claim 
the money. Who is entitled to it ? State your reasons. 

A. The heirs are entitled to the money. " While a deposit in a 
savings bank by one person of his own money, in the name of an- 
other, is consistent with an intent on the part of a depositor to give 
the money to the other, it does not alone, unaccompanied by any 
declaration of intention, authorize a finding that the deposit was 
made with that intent, at least where the deposit was to a new ac- 
count, and the depositor received and retained a pass-book, the 
possession and retention of wliich, by the rules of the bank, known 
to the depositor, is made the evidence of a right to draw the de- 
posit." Beaver v. Beaver, 117 N. Y. 421. 

Q. A recovers judgment against B. B has no property, except 



TRUSTS. 349 

the income of a trust fund which he receives under the provisions 
of a will made by liis father. A issues execution on his judg- 
ment, and the execution is returned unsatisfied. He consults you 
as to whether or not he can reach the trust fund. What would 
you advise him ? 

A. He can reach the sum in excess of the amount necessary for 
B's support and education, according to sec. 78 of the Real Prop. 
Law of 1896, which is as follows : " Where a trust is created to 
receive the rents and profits of real property, and no valid direc- 
tion for accumulation is given, the surplus of such rents and prof- 
its beyond the sum necessary for the education and support of the 
beneficiary, shall be liable to the claims of his creditors, in the 
same manner as other personal property which cannot be reached 
by execution." 



350 WILLS AND ADMINISIliATION. 



CHAPTER XXI. 

Wills and Administration. 

Q. A, nineteen years of age, makes a will leaving all her per- 
sonal property to her brother Thomas, and all her real property to 
her brother John. This will is attacked on the ground of the in- 
fancy of the testatrix. Is the will good? How far good, if good 

at all? 

A. As to the personal property, the will is good, but as to the 
real estate, the will is not good, being made by a minor. The law 
of this state is that an infant cannot make a will of real estate. 
As to personal property, the will of a male of eighteen years or over, 
and of a female of sixteen years or over, is valid. See Birdseye's 
Rev. Stat, title Wills. 

Q. Objections had been duly filed to the probate to the last will 
and testament of B, on the ground that at the time of its execu- 
tion, B was of unsound mind and incompetent. A, who was not a 
witness to the will, and who was a non-professional and not an ex- 
pert, but of unusual intelligence and very familiar with the acts 
and conduct of B, was called as a witness to show the competency 
of B. How, and to what extent, can his opinion be given in evi- 
dence on the question involved ? Answer fully. 

A. In this state A would be merely allowed to testify to acts of 
the testator observed by him, and to characterize them as rational 
or irrational, and give the impression produced thereby on his 
mind. But he would not be allowed to state his opinion as to the 
testator's sanity or insanity. " Where non-professional witnesses, 
who did not attest the execution of a will, are examined as to mat- 
ters within their own observation, bearing upon the competency of 
the testator, they may characterize, as in their opinion, rational or 
irrationalj- the acts and declarations to which they testify, but the 
examination must be limited to their conclusions from the specific 
facts they disclose, and they cannot be permitted to express their 



WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 351 

opinions on the general question whether the mind of the testator 
was sound or unsound. An exception to this rule is admitted in 
the case of attesting witnesses, whose testimony relates to the con- 
dition of the testator at the very time of executing the will, and 
who may well retain a recollection of the general result of their 
observation after the particular circumstances have been effaced by 
lapse of time." Clapp v. Fulierton, 34 N. Y. 490. 

Q. A was an invalid and lived with B for several years preced- 
ing his death. He was attended and nursed by B with great care 
and attention. He told B that he would provide for him in liis 
will as a reward for his kindness. A, by his will, leaves most of 
his property to B. The relatives of A contest the will on the 
ground of undue influence. It does not appear that B coerced or 
forced A into making the will. Shall probate be granted ? An- 
swer full}'. 

A. Probate should be granted, as the facts do not show undue 
influence. "To make a good will. a man must be a free agent. 
But all influences are not unlawful. Persuasion, appeals to the 
affection or ties of kindred, to a sentiment of gratitude for past 
services, or pity for future destitution, or the like — these are all 
legitimate and may be fairly pressed on a testator. On the other 
hand, pressure of whatever character, whether acting on the fears 
or the hopes, if so exerted as to overpower the volition without 
convincing the judgment, is a species of restraint under which no 
valid wUl can be made. Importunity or threats, such as the testa- 
tor has not the courage to resist, moral command asserted and 
yielded to for the sake of peace and quiet, or of escaping from dis- 
tress of mind or social discomfort, these, if carried to a degree in 
which the free play of the testator's judgment, discretion, or wishes 
is overborne, wiU constitute undue influence, though no force is 
either used or threatened. In a word, a testator may be led but 
not driven ; and his will must be the offspring of his own volition 
and not the record of some one else's." Hall v. Hall, L. R. 1 P. & 
D. 481. The tests given in this case, as to what constitutes undue 
influence, have been adopted in this state. See Tyler v. Gardner, 
35 N. Y. 559 ; Matter of Budlong, 126 N. Y. 423. 

Q. A person is about to execute his will. The instrument is 
ready for execution, and you are called in to advise the proper 
formalities. What are they ? 



352 -WILLS AND ADMINISTKATION. 

A. Sec. 8 of the Statute of Wills provides as follows : " Every 
last will and testament, of real or personal property, or both, shall 
be executed and attested in the following manner : 1. It shall be 
subscribed by the testator at the end of the will. 2. Si^ch sub- 
scription shall be made by the testator in the presence of each of 
the attesting witnesses, or shall be acknowledged by him to have 
been so made, to each of the attesting witnesses. 3. The testator 
at the -time of making such subscription, or at the time of acknowl- 
edging the same, shall declare the instrument so subscribed, to be 
his last will and testament. 4. There shall be at least two attest- 
ing witnesses, each of whom shall sign his name as a witness at the 
end of the will, at the request of the testator." It is important 
for the witnesses to observe the provisions of sec. 9 which are as 
foUows : " The witnesses to any will shall write opposite to their 
names, their respective places of residence, and every person who 
shall sign the testator's name to any will at his direction, shall 
write his own name as a witness to the will. Whoever shall neg- 
lect to comply with either of these provisions shall forfeit fifty 
dollars, to be recovered by any person interested in the property 
devised or bequeathed, who will sue for the same. Such omission 
shall not affect the validity of any will, nor shall any person liable 
to the penalty aforesaid be excused or incapacitated on this ac- 
count, from testifying respecting the execution of such will." 

Q. What are nuncupative wills, and by whom, and under what 
circumstances, can such wills be made ? 

A. Sec. 7 of the Statute of Wills provides as follows : " No 
nuncupative or unwritten wills bequeathing personal estate shall 
be valid, unless made by a soldier while in actual military service, 
or by a mariner while at sea." It should be observed that a nun- 
cupative will is an oral wiU, and can only be made bequeathing 
personal property. 

Q. A was the captain and owner of a coasting vessel. On a 
certain day, when the vessel was lying at anchor in Delaware Bay 
inside the breakwater, about a mile from land, he was taken sud- 
denly sick on board and died. Just before his death, he told 
several witnesses that he wished his wife to have all his property. 
He did not make any request to them to bear witness that it was 
his wiU. The wife applies for probate, as of a nuncupative will. 



"WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 353 

The father of A contests the same, claiming that A died intestate. 
Should probate be allowed? 

A. Yes. " The testator was a mariner within the meaning of 
the statute. A nuncupative will may be made by the master of a 
coasting vessel whilst on his voyage, tliough then lying at anchor 
in an arm of the sea where the tide ebbs and flows. It is enough 
that the testator, in prospect of death, state his wishes in answer 
to questions what disposition he desires to make of his property ; 
it is not requisite that he should request those present to witness 
that such is his will." Hubbard v. Hubbard, 8 N. Y. 196. 

Q. A wrote his own will, and taking it to his friends told them 
that it was his last will and testament, and asked them to witness 
it. They signed their names as witnesses to the will. Immediately 
afterwards A signed the will in the proper place, and gave it to 
one of his friends to keep it for him. One of the relatives of A 
objects to its admission to probate. What are his rights ? 

A. Probate should be denied. In this state, the witnesses must 
sign after the testator has signed, for the fact that the testator has 
signed is one of the things which the witness is to attest. " It is 
essential to the due execution of a will, that the witnesses, who 
are to attest the subscription and publication thereof by the testa- 
tor, sliould sign the same after the subscription by him." Jack- 
son V. Jackson, 39 N.Y. 153. 

Q. A drew his will upon a printed blank which was folded in 
the middle, so as to make four consecutive pages. The attestation 
clause was at the top of the second page, and the will was exe- 
cuted at that point by the testator and the subscribing witnesses. 
The third page contained further dispositions of property. The 
third page was numbered " two" and the second page " three," 
the draftsman having passed to the third page after he had filled 
the first. Objections are raised to the admission of the will to 
probate. What should be the decision of the surrogate ? 

A. The will should be refused probate, as it was not properly 
executed. " The will was not subscribed by the testator ' at the 
end of the will ' as required by the statute. The doctrine of in- 
corporation cannot be successively invoked, so as to read into such 
will the alleged second page, as the result would be to permit an 
invasion of the statute." Matter of Andrews, 162 N. Y. 1. 
23 



354 WILLS AND ADMINISTEATIOK. 

Q. A makes his will and calls in two subscribing witnesses. 
He covers up part of the will, and tells the witnesses that because 
of certain things contained in it, he does not care to let them see 
it. He tells them that he has signed it, but they cannot see his 
signature. The witnesses subscribe in the proper place. The 
will is offered for probate. Objected to. Wiiat should be the 
decision ? 

A. The will should be denied probate, as it was not properly- 
acknowledged. " There would undoubtedly have been a formal 
execution of the will, in compliance with the statutes, if the wit- 
nesses had at the time seen the signature of the testator to the 
will. Subscribing witnesses are required by law, for the purpose 
of attesting and identifying the signature of the testator, and that 
they cannot do, unless at the time of the attestation they see it. 
And so it has been held in this court. ... A signature neither 
seen, identified, or in any manner referred to as a separate and 
distinct thing, cannot in any just sense be said to be acknowledged 
by a reference to the entire instrument by name to which the sig- 
nature may, or may not be at the time subscribed. The formalities 
prescribed by the statute are safeguards thrown around the tes- 
tator to prevent fraud and imposition. To this e&d, the witnesses 
should either see the testator sign his name, or he should, the sig- 
nature being visible to him and to them, acknowledge it to be his 
signature." Earl, J., In re Mackay's WiU, 110 N. Y. 611. 

Q. A wrote his will and called in B and C to witness it. After 
subscribing it, he showed them his signature on the instrument, 
saying to them : " I declare the within to be my free act and 
deed." B and C thereupon subscribed their names to the instru- 
ment. The witnesses did not know that the paper was a will. 
Objections are raised to the probate of the will. What should the 
surrogate do? 

A. Probate should be refused. "It will not suffice that the 
witnesses have elsewhere and from other sources learned that the 
document which they are called to attest is a will, or that they 
suspect and infer from the circumstances that such is the character 
of the paper. The fact must in some manner, although no parti- 
cular form of words is required, be declared by the testator in 
their presence, that they not only know the fact, but that they 
may know it from him, and that he understands it, and at the time 



■WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 355 

of its execution, which includes publication, design to give effect 
to it as his will, and to this, among other things, they are required 
by statute to attest. The declaration that the instrument was 
his free will and deed, was equivocal, and would be satisfied by a 
deed executed voluntarily. It did not necessarily inform the wit- 
nesses that it was a will by excluding every other instrument from 
the mind. From the expression they could not know that the 
testator did not suppose the instrument was a deed." Allen, J., 
in Lewis v. Lewis, 11 N. Y. 220. 

Q. A wrote his will and summoned two friends to his house 
for the purpose of witnessing it. They came there, saw the tes- 
tator subscribe his name, and signed their names as witnesses. 
Before doing so, one of them asked the testator if he requested 
him to sign the will as a witness ; to which he answered in the af- 
firmative. Both the Avitnesses then proceeded to sign, the tes- 
tator and the witnesses all being at one table, and in close proxim- 
ity to each other. Objection is raised to the probate of the will 
on the ground that there was not a proper execution. What 
should be the decision ? 

A. The will was properly executed, and should be admitted to 
probate. " Now, the statute, it is true, declares that each wit- 
ness must sign on such request. But the manner and form in 
which the request must be made, and the evidence by which it 
must be proved, are not prescribed. We apprehend it is clear 
that no precise words, addressed to each of the witnesses at the 
very time of the attestation is required. Any.coramunication im- 
porting such request, addressed to one of the witnesses in the 
presence of the other, and which, by a just construction of all the 
circumstances, is intended for both, is, we think sufficient. . . . 
In thus requiring both the witnesses to be present, and in thus 
answering the interrogatory addressed to him by one of them, we 
think that he did, in effect, request them both to become the 
subscribing witnesses to the instrument." Comstock, Gh. J., in 
Coffin V. Coffin, 23 N. Y. 9. 

Q. A signed his will in the presence of the draftsman and the 
witnesses. B, the draftsman, then, in the presence of testator and 
witnesses, said to the witnesses that the paper A signed was his 
will, and that he wished them to sign it as witnesses. The wit- 



356 WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 

nesses then signed the instrument in tlie proper place. The testator 
made no dissent, took tlie will, and thereafter retained it. It is 
now offered for probate. Should probate be granted? 

A. Yes. There was a valid request to sign. The request 
need not be made by the testator himself, but can be made by 
another on his behalf, if the testator assent thereto. Here the 
conduct of the testator indicated his assent. Gilbert v. Knox, 52 
N. Y. 125. 

Q. A will is signed by the testator, and mailed to each of the 
witnesses, who sign their names at the end of the will, and return 
the same to the testator. In the letter accompanying the will, he 
declares the paper enclosed, which he has already subscribed, is 
his last will and testament, and requests them to sign and attest 
the same as witnesses. The will is offered for probate. Should 
probate be allowed ? 

A. Yes. In this state, the statute does not require the wit- 
nesses to sign in the testator's presence, and as all the other req- 
uisites to a Valid execution were present, the will should be ad- 
mitted to probate. Rudden v. McDonald, 1 Bradf. (N. Y.) 352 ; 
Vernam v. Spencer, 3 Bradf. 16. 

Q. A will is signed by the testator, whose witnesses do not sign 
in the presence of each other. An objection is made to its admis- 
sion to probate, as not being a valid will. Is the objection good? 

A. The objection is not good, and the will should be admitted 
to probate. In thig state, the statute does not state that the wit- 
nesses must sign in the presence of each other, therefore when 
they sign their names at the end of the will at the request of the 
testator, it is sufficient. Hoysradt v. Kingman, 22 N. Y. 372. 

Q. Draw an attestation clause to a will. 

A. "Signed, published and declared by the above named testa- 
tor, as and for his last will- and testament, in the presence of us, 
and of each of u^, who at his request, and in his presence, and in 
the presence of each other, have hereunto subscribed our names as 
subscribing witnesses this day of 

" John Brown, Residing at No. 100 Fifth Ave., N. Y. City. 
" Thomas Jones, Residing at No. 85 Fifth Ave., N. Y. City." 
(Note). It is to bo observed, that It is not necessary to have an attestation 



WILLS AKD ADMINISTKATIOK. 357 

clause at all, but it is useful for the purpose of proving the will. While the 
above is the usual form, nevertheless, as we have already seen, it is not neces- 
sary for the witnesses to sign in each other's presence, or in the presence of 
the testator. 

Q. The will of A is offered for probate. There was a full at- 
testation clause, but the two witnesses both denied all its allega- 
tions, and also denied that they had signed it. Should probate be 
allowed ? 

A. Yes, if the signatures of the witnesses be proved to be their 
handwriting. "To believe this evidence, requires- us to suppose 
that the testator deliberately forged the names of witnesses to his 
will, at a time and under circumstances when it was just as con- 
venient for him to have obtained their genuine signatures thereto. 
It is quite unreasonable to supppose that such a person having 
drawn and signed a will, and having added thereto a proper attes- 
tation clause, should have provided witnesses therefor, and re- 
quired them to sign a certificate to the effect that each of the 
required formalities had then been observed, without also provid- 
ing for their actual performance. He had knowledge of the ne- 
cessity of the act requiued, to the validity of the business he was 
then transacting, and to hold that he omitted it would oblige us 
to ascribe to him the intention of performing a vain and useless 
ceremony at the expense of time and labor to himself, and the 
commission of a motiveless crime." Ruger, Ch. J., in Matter of 
Cottrell, 95 N. Y. 329. 

Q. You are the attorney for the proponents of a will, in which 
one of the subscribing witnesses is dead, and the other does not 
remember the transaction. What would you do to have the will 
admitted to probate. 

A. Sec. 2620 of the Code of Civ. Pro. governs a case like this 
and is as follows : " If all of the subscribing witnesses to a written 
will, are, or if a subscribing witness, whose testimony is required, 
is dead, or incompetent by reason of lunacy or otherwise, to tes- 
tify, or unable to testify ; or if a subscribing witness is absent 
from the state ; or if such a subscribing witness has forgotten the 
occurrence ; or testifies against the execution of the will ; the will 
may nevertheless be established, upon proof of the handwriting of 
the testator, and of the subscribing witnesses, and also such other 



358 WILLS AND ADMINISTKATTON. 

circumstances as would be sufficient to prove the will upon the 
trial of an action." 

Q. A draws his will, B and C becoming the subscribing wit- 
nesses thereto. B receives a legacy of |1,000 by the will. The 
will is offered for probate, and B is called to testify to its execu- 
tion. His testimony is objected to. Is he a competent witness ? 
What effect, if any, has the fact of his becoming a witness upon 
his legacy ? 

A. B loses his legacy, but is nevertheless a competent witness, 
according to sec. 18 of the Statute of Wills, which is as follows : 
" If any person shall be a subscribing vidtness to the execution of 
any will, wherein any devise, bequest or legacy . . . shall be made 
to such witness, and such will cannot be proved without the tes- 
timony of such witness, such devise, bequest or legacy shall be 
void, so far only as concerns such witness or any one claiming under 
him, and such person shall be a competent witness and compellable 
to testify respecting such execution of said will in like manner, as 
if no such devise, bequest or legacy had been made." Sec. 19 is 
called attention to, and is as follows : " But if such witness would 
have been entitled to any share of the testator's estate in case the 
will was not established, then so much of tlie share that would 
have descended, or would have been distributed to such witness, 
shall be saved to him as will not exceed the value of the devise or 
bequest made to him by the will, and he shall recover the same 
from the devisees and legatees in proportionT" 

Q. A makes his will. Subsequently he writes on a paper that 
he revokes his will as he is not satisfied with its provisions, tells 
no one of this paper and encloses the same in an envelope. Both 
the will and the paper are found after A's death. The will is of- 
fered for probate. * Should probate be allowed ? 

A. The will should be admitted to probate, as there was no rev- 
ocation. "The statute is just as rigid on the subject of written 
revocations, as in regard to the execution of wills. A revocation 
in writing, to be valid, must be " executed with the same formali- 
ties with which the will itself was required by law to be executed." 
The testator might have revoked by burning, tearing, cancelling, 
obliterating, or destroying ; but he selected the mode of revocation 
by writing, and has failed in accomplishing his object for want of 



WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 359 

the necessary formalities." Nelson v. Public Admr. 2 Bradf. 
210. The statute governing the revocation of a will is as fol- 
lows : " No will in writing, except in the cases hereinafter men- 
tioned, shall be revoked or altered otherwise than by some other 
will in writuig, or by some other writing of the testator declaring 
such revocation or alteration, and executed with the same formali- 
ties with which the will itself was required by law to be executed, 
or unless such will be torn, burnt, cancelled, obliterated, or de- 
stroyed with the intent, and for the purpose of revoking the same, 
by the testator himself, or by another person in his presence by his 
direction and consent, and when so done by another person, such 
direction and consent of the testator, and the fact of such injury 
or destruction, shall be proved by at least two witnesses." 

Q. A, who is unmarried, makes her will leaving all her real and 
personal property to her mother. She subsequently marries and 
dies. The will is offered for probate. What should the surro- 
gate do? 

A. The will should be refused probate, as the statute provides 
that "a will executed by an unmarried woman shall be deemed 
revoked by her subsequent marriage." This statute has been held 
good in the face of the Married Women's Acts in Brown v. Clark, 
77 N. Y. 369, where it is said : " The statute does not make the 
marriage a presumptive revocation; which may be rebutted by proof 
of a contrary intention, but makes it operate eo instanti as a rev- 
ocation." 

Q. B, the widow of A, makes her will leaving all her property 
to her brother John. She subsequently marries C and dies, leav- 
ing him surviving. The executor appointed in the will offered 
the instrument for probate but was opposed in his proceedings 
by C. What should be the decision of the court ? 

A. The will should be denied probate, as it was revoked by the 
marriage of B with C. The will of a widow is revoked b}' her 
subsequent marriage. " The unmarried woman referred to by the 
statute must be defined according to that rule of statutory construc- 
tion which requires that the words used in legal enactment shall 
be understood and taken in their ordinary and familiar significance. 
So read, the unmarried woman of the statute is the woman who 
is not in a state of marriage." Gray, J., in Matter of Kaufman, 
131 N. Y. 620. 



360 WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 

Q. A, the wife of B, makes a will leaving all her property, both 
real and personal, to her sister. Subsequent to the making of the 
will, B dies. A tliereafter marries C, and dies leaving him sur- 
viving. The will is offered for probate. C contests. What should 
be the decision ? 

A. The will should be admitted to probate. A will made by a 
married woman is not deemed revoked by her marrying again after 
an intervening widowhood. Matter of McLarney, 153 N. Y. 416. 
It will be observed that the will here was made by a woman who 
was married at the time she executed it. 

Q. A makes a will leaving all his property to his brother. He 
afterwards marries, has a child, and dies. Tlie will is offered for 
probate. Should probate be allowed? 

A. Probate should be denied, as the will was revoked by the 
testator's subsequent marriage, and the birth of the issue. Sec. 11 
of the Statute of Wills provides as follows : " If after the making 
of any will disposing of the wbnifi pstiitf^. fiLjJj^-tf-sjtu.tnr^ such tes- 
tator shall marry and have issue of such marriage, born either in 
liis lifetime or after his death, "and the wife or the issue of such 
marriage shall be living at the death of the testator, such will shall 
be deemed revoked, unless provision shall have been made for such 
issue by some settlement, or unless such issue shall have been pro- 
vided for in the will or in such way mentioned therein, as to show 
an intention not to make such provision, and no other evidence to 
rebut the presumption of such revocation shall be received." 

Q. A has 130,000 in government bonds. He makes a will in 
1899, whereby he leaves 120,000 to his wife, and the rest to his 
only child. In 1900 he has another child born to him, and dies in 
1901, not having made any change in his will, and not mentioning 
the second child in anyway. Will the birth of the second child 
affect the will, and if so, how ? 

A. The birth of the second child results in a partial revocation 
of the will, so as to give the post-testamentary child the share he 
would have taken had the testator died intestate. This is provided 
for in sec. 17 of the Statute of Wills, which is as follows : " When- 
ever a testator shall have a child born after the making of a last 
will, either in the lifetime or after the death of such testator, and 



WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 361 

shall die leaving such child so after born, unprovided for by any 
settlement, and neither provided for, nor in anyway mentioned in 
such will, every such child shall succeed to the same portion of 
such parent's real and personal estate, as would have descended or 
been distributed to such child, if such parent had died intestate ; 
and shall be entitled to recover the same portion from the devisees 
and legatees, in proportion to, and out of the parts devised and be- 
queathed to them by such will." 

Q. A, whose estate amounts to 1100,000, leaves $60,000 to Ho- 
bart College, and the rest of his property to his children. The 
children attack the bequest to the college. Is the bequest good? 
How far good, if good at all? 

A. The bequest to the college is good for $50,000, according to 
sec. 25 of the Statute of Wills, which is as follows : " No person 
having a husband, wife, child, or parent, shall by his or her last 
will and testament, devise or bequeath to any benevolent, charitable, 
literary, scientific, religious or missionary society, in trust or other- 
wise, more than one-half part of his or her estate, after the pay- 
ment of his or her debts ; (and such devise or bequest shall be 
valid to the extent of one-half and no more)." See Jones v. Kelley, 
170 N. Y. 401. 

Q. A makes his will, in which he gives a bequest of #5,000 to 
his nephew John. Becoming displeased with the nephew's actions, 
he takes the will and draws lines through this bequest, intending 
thereby to revoke the same. What effect, if any, has this upon the 
will? 

A. This has.no effect whatever on the will, as under the New 
York Statute, there cannot be a revocation of a part by obliteration. 
Lovell V. Quitman, 88 N. Y. 377. 

Q. A makes a will, devising his house and lot to his son John. 
Subsequently he sells the same, and deposits the proceeds 
(110,000), in a bank in his own name, but apart from his own 
funds, and leaves it intact. He dies. What would you advise as 
to John's rights ? 

A. He has no rights whatever, as the devise was revoked by the 
sale of the house and lot. " If a testator devises real property, 
and sells the same before the will takes effect, the proceeds of the 



362 WILLS AND ADMINISTEATION. 

sale will become personalty, and no court can substitute tbe money 
received by the testator for the land devised." Gray, J., in Ame- 
trano v. Downs, 170 N. Y. 388. 

Q. A devises a certain house to B, and thereafter sells the same 
to C, taking back a purchase money mortgage for $5,000. At 
A's death, B claims the amount of the mortgage. What are his 
rights? 

A. B has no rights to the mortgage. " Where a lot is specific- 
ally devised, and afterwards sold by the testator to a third party, 
the sale operates quoad hoc as a revocation of the gift, and the de- 
visee acquires no interest in a mortgage given to secure the whole 
or any portion of the purchase money." McNaughton v. McNaugh- 
ton, 34 N. Y. 201. 

Q. A makes his will, and places it among his papers. After 
Lis death, although diligent search is made, the will cannot be 
found. The executor named therein attempts to prove the con- 
tents thereof as a lost will. What presumption, if any, is there? 

A. Where a will previously executed cannot be found after the 
death of the testator, it having remained in his custody during his 
lifetime, there is a strong presumption that it was destroyed by 
him animo revocandi. Collyer v. Collyer, 110 N. Y. 481. "If the 
will had remained in the custody of the testator, or it had appeared 
after its execution, he had had access to it, the presumption of law 
would be, from the fact that it could not be found after his de- 
cease, that tiie same had been destroyed by him animo revocandi. 
But that presumption is entirely overcome and rebutted, when it 
ajspears, as it did in the present case, that, upon the execution of 
the will, it was deposited by the testator with the custodian, and 
that the testator did not thereafter hfive it in his possession or have 
access to it." Davies, Ch. J., in Shultz v. Shultz, 33 N. Y. 653. 

Q. A makes a will in 1895, and in 1897 makes a second will, 
which by its terras expressly revokes the former. At the death 
of A, the will of 1897 cannot be found, and the beneficiaries of the 
will of 1895 attempt to have the will of 1895 admitted to probate. 
Should probate be allowed ? 

A. No. Where a will is revoked by the execution of a second 
will, which provides that all previous wills of the testator are there- 



WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 303 

by revoked, the first will will not be revived by the fact that after 
the testator's death, the second will cannot be found. In re Forbes's 
Will, 24 N. Y. Supp. 841 ; Matter of Barnes, 70 App. Div. 523. 
Sec. 58 of the Statute of Wills provides : " If after the making of 
any will, the testator shall duly make and execute a second will, the 
destruction, cancellation or revocation of such second will shall not 
revive the first will, unless it appear by the terms of such revoca- 
tion, that it was his intention to revive and give effect to his first 
will ; or unless after such destruction, cancellation or revocation, 
lie shall duly republish his first will." 

(Note.) A will that has been revoked by a later one which was destroyed 
by the testator will not be revived by his statement that he desii-es his first 
will to stand, made to others than the subscribing witnesses, aod where the 
person to whom such statement was made, did not subscribe as a witness to 
the will. Republication requires the same formalities as publication itself; 
therefore a will which has been revoked can be revived only by its republica- 
tion in the presence of its subscribing witnesses. Matter of Stickney, 161 
N. Y. 42. 

Q. A man and his wife make a joint will, each devising their 
entire estate to each other. Is it valid? Can either revoke with- 
out the other's consent ? If so, what is the effect on the other un- 
revoking party ? 

A. The will is valid and revocable by either party. " A mutual 
will executed by husband and wife, devising reciprocally to each 
other, is valid. Such an instrument operates as a separate will of 
whichsoever dies first." Matter of Diez, 50 N. Y. 88. " A joint 
will is revocable at any time during the joint lives by either tes- 
tator, so far as relates to his own disposition, upon giving notice to 
the other, but becomes irrevocable after the death of one of them, 
if the survivor takes advantage of the provisions made by the 
other." 29 Am. & Eng. Ency. of Law, 138. 
C_ 

Q. A devises certain property to his son B. B dies before the 
testator, leaving a son, C, surviving. Thereafter A dies. The next 
of kin of A, and C both claim the property. Who is entitled 
to it? 

A. The devise does not lapse, but goes to C. It would have 
been otherwise, if A had left the property to a stranger, but not to 
his son. Sec. 20 of the Statute of Wills, covering this case, pro- 
vides as follows : " Whenever any estate, real or personal, shall be 



364 WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 

devised or bequeathed to a child or other descendant of the tes- 
tator, and such legatee or devisee shall die in the lifetime of the 
testator, leaving a child or other descendant who shall survive such 
testator, such devise or legacy shall not lapse, but the property so 
devised or bequeathed shall vest in the surviving child or other 
descendant of the legatee or devisee, as if such legatee or devisee 
had survived the testator and died intestate." 

(Note.) This provision applies only to descendants, and a widow of a de- 
ceased son does not take. Cook v. Munn, 12 Abb. N. C. 344. 

Q. A devises his house and lot and $10,000 to B. He leaves all 
the rest, residue and remainder of his estate to C. B dies before 
A, the testator. At A's death, the executors claim B's devise. C 
also claims it, and D claims it as next of kin of B. B was no rel- 
ative to the testator. How is the estate to be divided, and in 
what shares ? 

A. C gets all the estate, both real and personal, the devise and 
bequest to B having lapsed by his death, he being no relative to 
the testator. "The common-law rule that lapsed devises do not 
fall into the residue, but go to the heirs as undisposed of by the 
will, was done away with by the Statute of the Wills, and there 
is now no difference between lapsed devises and lapsed legacies, as 
it respects the operation upon them of a general residuaiy clause." 
Cruikshank v. Home for the Friendless, 113 N. Y. 358. The rule 
now, therefore, is, that both lapsed legacies and devises go to the 
residuary devisee and legatee. 

Q. A father bj'^ his will gives a legacy to two children, B and C, 
on condition that the same shall be void if they contest his will. 
They both contest, B being of full age, and C a minor by her guard- 
ian. What is the effect of the contest by both? Is the provision 
in the will valid ? 

A. The provision in the will is valid as to the adult, but invalid 
as to tlie minor, and the effect would be to forfeit the legacy to B. 
As to the minor, the condition was void as against public policy- ; 
it is, however, a valid provision as to the one of full age. , The 
testator having a right to say to whom his property shall be be- 
queathed and devised, has also the right to attach a condition to 
any gift that the recipient thereof shall not contest the probate ol' 
the will. Bryant v. Thompson, 59 Hun, 549. 



WILLS AND ADMINISTEATION. 365 

Q. A dies, leaving a valid will, but naming no executor therein. 
Is the will vaild ? How would it be carried into effect, if valid ? 

A. The will is valid, and will be carried into effect by the ap- 
pointment of an administrator with the will annexed, according to 
sec. 2643 of the Code of Civ. Pro. 

Q. A makes his will appointing an executor therein. A dies, 
and the executor refuses to act. What should be done ? 

A. Application should be made for the appointment of an ad- 
ministrator with the will annexed. Sec. 2643 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro. 

Q. The executor of a will in the state of New Jersey discovers 
personal property in this state belonging to the testator. He 
comes to you for advice. What would you advise him to do ? 

A. He should apply for, ancillary letters testamentary, ac- 
cording to sec. 2695 of the Code of Civ. Pro. 

Q. Testator appoints B as his executor, " granting to said ex- 
ecutor and his successor full power to sell real estate." B refuses 
to qualify, and an administrator with the will annexed is appointed. 
Can he sell the real estate ? 

A. Yes. He has the same power as the executor would have 
had, and all sales made by him shall be equally valid as if they were 
made by the executor named in the will. Sec. 2642 of the Code 
of Civ. Pro. 

Q. A died intestate, leaving mortgaged realty. B is the only 
heir-at-law. B demands that the administrator pay off the mort- 
gage. What are his rights ? State the rule. 

A- The administrator cannot be compelled to pay off the mort- 
gage, according to sec. 215 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which 
is as follows : " When real property subject to a mortgage executed 
by any ancestor or testator descends to an heir, or passes to a de- 
visee, such heir or devisee must satisfy and discharge the mortgage 
out of his own property without resorting to the executor or ad- 
ministi'ator of his ancestor or testator, unless there be an express 
direction in the will of such testator that such mortgage be other- 
wise paid." 



366 WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 

Q. The will of A gives the legal title of all liis property both 
rea] and personal, to different legatees and devisees, but there is 
an obscurity as to the identity of some of the parties intended to 
take the real estate. B, who claims to be one of the devisees, 
commences an action for the judicial construction of the will, 
making the other devisees and legatees defendants. The executor 
and the other beneficiaries demur, on the ground that the facts do 
not constitute a sufficient cause of action. Is the demurrer 
good? 

A. The demurrer is good. The proper action to be brought, is 
an action by the alleged devisee to recover the devise which he 
claims. This action should be brought as a legatee or devisee 
against the executor, according to sec. 1819 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro. 

Q. It is provided in the will of A, that his personal property 
should be distributed amongst his next of kin, according to the 
statute providing therefor. He leaves a widow, two nephews and 
a niece. The widow claims one-third as her share. What are her 
rights ? How should the property be divided ? 

A. The widow gets nothing ; the property must be divided 
equally among the nephews and the niece. " A provision in a 
will directing generally that the personal property of the testator 
shall be distributed as provided by statute in case of intestacy, 
where the testator leaves a widow, will entitle her to be included 
in the distribution, although not specially mentioned, but when 
the distribution is by the terms of the will confined to the next of 
kin, the reference to the statute simply gives the rule of distribu- 
tion among the next of kin, as if there is no widow, and she is 
not included." Luce v. Dunham, 69 N. Y. 36. 

Q. A, by will, devises to his executors in trust, a certain piece 
of real estate with instructions to sell it iunuediately after his 
death, and divide the proceeds between his sons, B and C. A few 
days after his death, and before the sale of the real estate, B dies 
leaving a wife and son surviving. How would the property 
descend ? Give the rule governing such a state of facts. 

A. This is a case of equitable conversion, and the property must 
be divided as personal property, C receiving one-half, and the other 



WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 367 

half being divided between B's wife and son, the wife receiving 
one-third and the son two-thirds, according to sec. 2732 of the 
Code of Civ. Pro., which in part is as follows : " If the deceased 
died intestate, the surplus of his personal pi'operty after payments 
of debts ; and if he left a will, such surplus, after the payment of 
debts and legacies if not bequeathed, must be distributed to the 
widow, children, or next of kin, in the manner following : 1. One- 
third part to the widow, and the residue in equal portions among 
the children, and such persons as legally represent the children if 
any of them have died before the deceased." 

Q. A, the wife of B, obtains a divorce from him for his miscon- 
duct. B subsequently dies leaving f5,000 in personal property. 
A claims a distributive share of the property. What are her 
rights ? 

A . She is not entitled to any share of his personal property, as 
she is no longer his wife. " A divorced wife, whether the divorce 
was granted because of misconduct of herself or her husband, is 
not entitled, if he die intestate, to administration or to a distribu- 
tive share of his personal estate." Matter of Ensign, 103 N. Y. 
234. 

Q. A dies, devising his entire property to his only son, X, and 
appointing his father, X's grandfather, the general guardian. A's 
widow consults you as to her rights. Advise her. 

A. She has the right of dower in A's realty ; he could not cut 
this off by will. He had full power, however, to bequeath his per- 
sonalty, and therefore she has no rights in the personal propert}'. 

Q. A died, leaving him surviving five children of a deceased 
son, and one son of a deceased daughter, his only heirs-at-law. 
How is his property distributed among the grandchildren ? 

A. Both real and personal property would be divided equally 
among them. Sec. 282 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896 states the 
rule as to the real property, and is as follows : " If the intestate 
leave descendants in the direct line of lineal descent, all of equal 
degree of consangjiinity to him, the inheritance shall descend to 
them in equal parts, however remote from him the common degree 
of consanguinity may be." Sec. 2732, par. 10 of the Code, of Civ. 
Pro., governs the distribution of the personal property, and is as 



368 WILLS AND ADMINISTKATION. 

follows : " Where the descendants, or next of kin of the deceased, 
entitled to share in his estate, are all in equal degree to the de- 
ceased, their shares shall be equal." 

Q. A dies intestate, leaving him surviving a son and two grand- 
children, the children of a deceased daughter. What respective 
shares have each of them in the real and personal property of A ? 

A. The son is entitled to one-half, and the grandchildren receive 
the share of their mother, which is one-half, to be divided between 
them. Sec. 283 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896 governs the dis- 
position of the real property, and is as follows : " If any of the de- 
scendants of such intestate be living, and any be dead, the inherit- 
ance shall descend to the living, and the descendants of the dead, 
so that each living descendant shall inherit such share, as would 
have descended to him, had all the descendants in the same degree 
of consanguinity who shall have died leaving issue, been living, so 
that the issue of the descendants who shall have died, shall re- 
spectively take the shares which their ancestor would have re- 
ceived." Sec. 2732, par. 11 of the Code of Civ. Pro., as to the 
personalty, is as follows : " When such descendants or next of kin 
are of unequal degrees of kindred, the surplus shall be apportioned 
among those entitled thereto, according to their respective stocks ; 
so that those who take in their own right shall receive equal shares, 
and those who take by representation shall receive the share to 
which the parent whom they represent, if living, would have been 
entitled." 

Q. A makes a will, leaving one-third of his realty to his wife, 
and the residue and remainder to be divided equally between his 
sons, C who is unmarried, and B who is married. A dies, and one 
hour after the probate of his will, his son B dies. B leaves no 
children. The property consists of $30,000 in money, and 400 
acres of land. How should this be divided ? 

A. The personalty not being mentioned in the will, A must be 
deemed to have died intestate as to that, and therefore the personal 
property must be distributed according to the Statute of Distribu- 
tion. A's widow would get one-third, C would also get one-third, 
B's one-third would be divided between his widow, his mother, and 
C, the widow receiving one-half, and the mothet and C dividing 
the other half equally between them. Sec. 2732, par. 2 of the 



WILLS AND ADMINISTEATION. 369 

Code of Civ. Pro. provides as follow : " If there be no children, 
nor any legal representatives of them, then one-half of the whole 
surplus shall be allotted to the widow, and the other half distrib- 
uted to the next of kin of the deceased, entitled under the provi- 
sions of this section." Par. 6 is as follows : " If the deceased leave 
no children and no representatives of them, and no father, and 
leave a widow and a mother, the half not distributed to the widow 
shall be distributed in equal shares to his mother and brothers and 
sisters, or the representatives of such brothers and sisters ; and if 
there be no widow, the whole surplus shall be distributed in like 
manner to the mother, and to the brothers and sisters, or the rep- 
resentatives of such brothers and sisters." The real property 
would be distributed in the following manner : Assuming the pro- 
vision to be in lieu of dower, the widow wiU. get one-third, C will 
also get his one-third, and B's one-third will be divided as follows : 
B's widow will get dower, a life estate in one-third of B's share, 
and the remainder of B's share will be divided as follows : To the 
mother for life, remainder in fee to C. This last is according to 
sec. 285 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which is as follows : " If 
the intestate die without descendants, and leave no father . . . 
and leave a mother and a brother or sister, or the descendant of a 
brother or sister, the inheritance shall descend to the mother for 
life, and the reversion to such brothers and sisters of the intestate 
as may be living, and to the descendants of such as may be 
dead. ... If the intestate in such case leave no brother or sister 
or descendant thereof, the inheritance shall descend to the mother 
in fee." 

Q. A dies intestate, leaving $4,000 in personal property. He 
leaves him surviving a widow and two brothers, but no children. 
How should the property be distributed ? 

A. The widow is entitled to the whole f4,000, according to 
sec. 2732, par. 3 of the Code of Civ. Pro., which is as follows : " If 
the deceased leave a widow, and no descendant, parent, brother or 
sister, nephew or niece, the widow shall be entitled to the whole 
surplus ; but if there be a brother or sister, nephew or niece, and 
no descendant or parent, the widow shall be entitled to one-half 
of the surplus as above provided, and to the whole of the residue 
if it does not exceed $2,000 ; if the residue exceeds that sum, she 
shall receive in additiontto the one-half, $2,000 ; and the remainder 
24 



370 WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION. 

shall be distributed to the brothers and sisters and their representar 

tives." 

Q. A, an unmarried female, dies leaving certain real property, 
which she acquired through her own industry. She made no will. 
She left her surviving a father and two brothers. How should 
the property be divided ? 

A. The father alone takes the property in fee. As it did not 
come to the intestate on the part of the mother, but was acquired 
by her own industry, the brothers have no rights thereto. This 
case is governed by sec. 284 of the Real Prop. Law of 1896, which 
is as follows : " If the intestate dies without lawful descendants, 
and leave a father, the inheritance shall go to such father, unless 
the inheritance came to the intestate on the part of his mother, and 
she be living ; if she be dead, the inheritance descending on her 
part shall go to the father for life, and the reversion to such brothers 
and sisters of the intestate and their descendants, accorduig to the 
law of inheritance by collateral relatives hereinafter provided." 

Q. A dies intestate, leaving him surviving a father and a widow 
but no children. His personal property amounts to f 10, 000. HTow 
should the same be distributed ? 

A. The widow and father each get one-half according to sec. 2732, 
par. 7 of the Code of Civ. Pro., which is as follows : " If the de- 
ceased leave a father and no child or descendant, the father shall 
take one-half if there be a widow, and the whole, if there be no 
widpw." 

Q. A, the wife of B, dies intestate leaving her husband and a 
child surviving. Her personal property amounts to $50,000. What 
are the rights of the husband and child ? 

A. The husband is entitled, to one-third, and the child to two- 
thirds of the property, according to sec. 2734 of the Code of Civ. 
Pro., which is as follows : " The provisions of this article respect- 
ing the distribution of property of deceased persons apply to the 
personal property of married women dying, leaving descendants 
them surviving. The husband of any such deceased married woman 
shall be entitled to the same distributive share in the personal prop- 
erty of his wife to which a widow is entitled in the personal prop- 
erty of her husband by the provisions of this article and no more." 



WILLS AISD ADMINISTRATION. 371 

Q. A, a married woman dies intestate leaving |50,000 in per- 
sonal property. She leaves no descendants, but leaves a brother, 
a sister, and a husband. How should the property be distributed ? 

A. The husband takes all. As there are no descendants, 
sec. 2734 of the Code does not apply. " Where a married woman 
possessed of a separate personal estate, dies without having made 
any disposition of it in her lifetime, or by way of testamentarj' 
appointment, the title thereto vests in her surviving husband, and 
cannot be affected by the granting of administration upon her es- 
tate to any one else." Robbins v. McClure, 100 N. Y. 328." See 
also Barnes v. Underwood, 47 N. Y. 351. 



