

.6* V ♦/ST** A <v -f.?* o* +<

x? v\ •

„«iq*

\^ ^/fc. V.^

A <, -?.?• AG* <&, ♦>W\A

V ^

• «5 °«*

THE

PATRIOT'S CATECHISM;

i

OR,

THE DITTIES OF RULERS AND RULED,

IN

A SERIES OF QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, on

BY D. MACAULAY.

XvTTH AN INTRODUCTION BY THE REV, WM. V.7LS0N, A,M«j PRE8IDENT OF RICHMOND COLLEGE,

1 1 love my country— because I love my God, j;—Dr, AfcIeo<f;

WASHINGTON ;

PRINTED BY THOMAS ALLEN,

1843,

RECOMMENDATIONS.

From the Hon. Jeremiah Morrow, 31. C.

Washington, D. C, January 3, 1843.

Sir: Your " Patriot's Catechism" is, in my opinion, well calculated for extensive usefulness. The subject you discuss is highly important, and of general interest. An enlightened and active patriotism is the conservatory principle in our re- publican institutions. It is the main prop to our political fabric.

From the cursory perusal which I have been enabled to give to your Catechism, I think it can not fail to insure public attention, and patronage. Wishing you merited success in your efforts to benefit the community,

I am, respectfully yours, &c.

JEREMIAH MORROW.

Rev. Dr. Macaulay.

From the Rev. W. B. Edwards, of Washington.

Washington, D. C, January 4, 1843. Dear Sir: In my judgment, your "Patriot's Catechism" is a work which richly merits public

Vlll

principles set forth in your Catechism, and faith- fully carry them out in practice, should be the ardent prayer of every true patriot of his country.

I remain, with sentiments of high respect, your obedient and obliged servant,

HORACE STRINGFELLOW:

Rev. Dr. Macaulay.

From the Rev. Charles Rich.

Washington City, January 17, 1843.

Dear Sir : I have been exceedingly gratified with your " Catechism of Patriotism," as read to me in the manuscript. It is the very work that we need in every family, and in every school. Oar children are left too much to " guess at" rather than to know what true patriotism is, in what it con- sists, and how it may be cultivated. If the youth of our land, as they grow up into manhood can be learned to imbody in their lives, the truths advanced in. your Catechism, the next generation will be truly styled " a nation of patriots."

Wishing you every success in the publication of this work, and hoping that it may have an exten- sive circulation and faithful study throughout our country, I remaim your obedient servant,

CHARLES RICH, Pastor First Presbyterian Church.

Rev. Dr. Macaulay.

From the Rev. Septimus 'fusion, Chaplain of " United States Senate."

Washington City, D. C. Jan'y 25, 1843.

Rev. and Dear Sir : The opportunity I have enjoyed of becoming acquainted with the spirit and design of your " Catechism of Patriotism," en- ables me to speak with confidence of its merits. The idea of such a work is entirely new, so far as my knowledge extends, and therefore, in connex. ion with its intrinsic value, it presents the addi- tional claim of originality. It should be thorough- ly understood by " rulers and ruled," that amid all our external indications of augmenting strength and prosperity as a nation, Religion is the great conservative principle by which our institutions are to be perpetuated, and he is a true friend to his country who contributes to the dissemination of this sentiment. In my judgment your Catechism is eminently calculated to subserve this most im- portant end ; and I feel that I am evincing my amor patrice, when I express my sincere desire for the success of your undertaking.

Sincerely do I pray, that the God of our Fathers, may continue to us his heavenly patronage, and that our ingratitude may not provoke him to with- hold from us the civil and religious blessings which we enjoy, or induce him to transfer them to so*ie other nation more worthy, because more grateful.

X

Very respectfully, your friend and obedient ser- vant, SEPTIMUS TUSTON, Rev. Dr. Macaulay,

From the Hon. William C. Rives, Senator from Virginia.

Senate Chamber, Washington, February 8, 1843.

Dear Sir: I have glanced, with much inter- est, at the few pages you have submitted to me of a manual for American youths, which you propose to publish, under the title of the " Patriot's Cate- chism."

The work is conceived in the spirit of enlightened and conscientious patriotism, which it so earnestly inculcates, and can not fail, if its lessons be duly stu- died, to defend the rising generation from the con- tagion of that fatal spirit of demagoguism, which is the most deadly foe of republican liberty. 1 see in it a faithful application and development of those invaluable maxims of political morality, which were consecrated and embalmed, for perpetual re- memberance, in the " Farewell Address" of the Father of his Country ; and I sincerely wish that all honor and success may crown your labors, so praise- worthy, both in their motive and their execution.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most obedient servant, W. C. RIVES.

Rev. Dr. Macaulay.

XI

From the Rev. James Laurie, D. Z)., Washington.

Washington, D. C, February 6, 1843.

My Dear Sir : From those portions of " The Patriot's Catechism" which I have myself read, and from those which you read to me, I have form- ed a highly favorable opinion of the work. The sentiments it inculcates respecting the nature of true Patriotism, and the necessity of Religion to its ex- ercise, to its very existence — as the stock on which it must grow and flourish, are clearly and strongly exhibited and enforced in the " Catechism.5' The mode employed too for conveying the important in- struction which your book contains, is well calcula- ted to present it to the reader in the greatest simpli- city, and in the most attractive form, and to impress it the more deeply on the mind — especially of the young. It will be introduced, I trust, into our schools and academies to aid our youth in acquir- ing correct ideas of Patriotism, and aspiring after that honorable fame which is the result of patriotic deeds.

To all that is said in the masterly u Introduc- tion" to the work, by President Wilson, I cheer- fully subscribe.

I am, my dear sir, yours very truly,

JAMES LAURIE, Pastor F street Church,

Rev. Dr. Macaulay, Washington,

Xll

From the Hon. Thomas H. Benton, Senator from Missouri.

Washington City , February 7, 1843.

Mr. Benton returns to Dr. Macaulay, with his best compliments, the proof-sheets and manuscript which he has been so polite as to send him.

Mr. B. has ran his eye over these papers, and sees a great deal to approve, and to interest him both in the plan, and in the execution. u The Patriot's Catechism" as conceived and executed by the Doctor, is admirably calculated to supply a want which has long been felt in our country.

Rev. Dr. Macaulay.

F)om the Hon. J. C. Calhoun, Senator from South Carolina.

Washington, January 6, 1843.

Dear Sir : I have received your note, in which you request me to express my opinion of a work you intend to publish, called " The Patriot's Catechism" and the " Duties of Rulers and Ruled. "

My numerous engagements have prevented me from giving it more than a hasty examination, but it has been sufficient to impress me favorably. The work appears to me to be well executed, and the

xiii

sentiments and doctrines it inculcates correct; and I do not doubt, that its publication will have a ben- eficial effect in a moral, as well as political point of view.

With great respect, I am, &c, &c.

JOHN C. CALHOUN, Rev. Dr. D. Macaulay, Washington,

From the Hon. John McLean, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court*

Washington, February 8, 1843, Sir : The cursory examination I have given of your " Patriot's Catechism," now in course of pub- lication, has produced in me no common solicitude to see it published, and widely circulated. In a condensed form, and in a style of great perspicuity and force, you exhibit truths which lie at the foundation of our government, and which must be practically enforced to perpetuate it.

Liberty is the price of untiring vigilance : and there can be no rational liberty without intelligence, virtue, and patriotism. Virtue and patriotism, there- fore, should be inculcated in our schools, so as to constitute a part of the education of every youth,

XIV

Your book will be admirably adapted to this high purpose; and I hope to see it introduced into all our schools.

With great respect, I am your obedient servant,

JOHN McLEAN.

Rev. Dr. Macaulay, Washington.

From Edward C. Delavan, Esq.

Ballston Centre, N. Y., Feb. 3, 1843. Dear Sir: With your letter of the 17th alt. came the prospectus of a work you are about pre- paring for the press, entitled, " The Patriot's Cat- echism." I was pleased to see the announcement of such a work ; put me down for forty copies. I shall want to distribute them among the youth of my neighborhood. There is much talk about patriot- ism. I suppose that there are some who claim to be patriots, who, if closely catechised by a true patriot, might come considerably short. While in London several years since, a Rev. Doctor of di- vinity while taking a glass of the strong brandied wine of commerce, said, " ldo not feel called upon to give up my glass of wine because other men make beasts of themselves." I have not a doubt that the Rev. D. D. thought himself a Patriot, al- though London at the time contained 100,000 drunkards; and made so; and continued so by the

XV

very kind of drink he would not abandon even to save these 100,000 drunkards. Was this man a Patriot ? I trust your forthcoming work will answer this question. I once knew a rum dealer — he was a General too, and talked loudly of patriotism, love of country, &c, &c. ; but when urged to abandon the sale of rum — that his neighborhood might not any longer be filled with crime and pauperism — that the children then coming upon the stage might not follow in the footsteps of many of their fathers, and go down to drunkenness as they had done, re- plied : uNo ; I will continue to sell rum should all other rum-sellers abandon the sale." If such a man is a patriot I trust you will be able to make it man- ifest in your forthcoming work. It is out of my power to answer your inquiry correctly as to the number of youth in this and other States who have adopted the total abstinence principle. But I be- lieve in this and all the New England States, it is now quite an unusual occurrence to find a youth in the habitual use of intoxicating liquors, especially out of cities or large towns : and I think you will agree with me in the opinion that these cold water youth, as they arrive at manhood, and enter upon the business of life, will make as good citizens, and as good patriots, as those other youth who, in obedi- ence to certain fashion or appetite, continue in the use of those base intoxicating compounds sold un-

XVI

der the name of wine, but mainly indebted to the still for their strength, and the drug shop for their flavor.

I am, dear sir, truly yours,

EDWARD C. DELAVAN. Rev. Dr. Macaulat.

From the Hon, N. P. Talltnadge, Senator from New York.

Senate Chamber, February 10, 1843. Dear Sir : I have hastily examined the proof- sheets submitted to me of the " Patriot's Cate- chism," which you are about to publish. From that examination I am favorably impressed with the principles set forth, and the manner in which they are presented to the reader — and think the work might be usefully introduced into the com- mon schools of our country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, N. P. TALLMADGE, Rev. Dr. Macaulat.

Want of room prevents the insertion of letters from the Hon. W. P. Mangum, Senator from North Carolina; the Hon. George N. Briggs, of Massa- chusetts ; Doctor Sewall, and other distinguished individuals.

INTRODUCTION.

Patriotism is a term which calls up before the mind the most grateful, thrilling, and ennobling associations ; and a theme which is dear to every enlightened lover of his country, of his species, and his God.

Concerning this attractive subject and lofty quality much has, in every age, been said and sung. The celebration of its deeds has given inspiration to the poet, enthusiasm and elevation to the orator, and soul-stirring eloquence to the warworn hero of a thousand battles jand perilous achievements, even although un- tutored in the mysteries and elegancies of science and the arts. It is the glory of the statesman, the soldier, and the sage. By its absence, the pretenders to a solicitude for the welfare of their country, and the aspirants after those honors which she proposes exclusively to bestow upon her own loyal, devoted, and heroic sons, are branded with infamy. Upon the page of inspiration it occupies a distinguished place. Of it Moses wrote, and David and Isaiah sang : while Jesus and Paul developed and exem- plified its lofty principles and virtues in the divine instructions and the noble example which they furnished to the world. This gave grandeur to the conceptions, ardor to the imagination, and eloquence to the lips of a Demosthenes ; it stamps sublimity upon Homer's song ; it is the charm of romance : it is the soul of the best productions of the statuary : it endows with almost superhuman elevation and attraction the renowned personages of history : it ennobles our nature ; it confers liberty, and civili- zation, and religion upon nations; it is the scourge and the dread ot tyrants: it is the hope of our world : it brings glory to Gop and happiness to man,

1

Notwithstanding, however, that so much has been written upon the subject of Patriotism, there is still, in ray judgment, ample room for more. In our own nation and age especially, it seems requisite that the public mind should be properly and fre- quently directed to the importance of an enlightened and disin- terested love of country. The madness of party-spirit-— the love of money — the unprincipled scramble for place and power — the heterogeneousness of our population —our rapid growTth — the disposition to substitute expediency for principle — the syco- phancy and subserviency — the coarse calumny and vulgar praise — and the illiteracy, ignorance, and irreligion, which too extensively characterize the periodical press — call loudly for the dissemination, in every appropriate way, of sound views of Christian Patriotism, by the friends of our Republic and of God.

Perhaps no nation ever owed more to a pure and lofty Patri^ otism than our own ; and certainly none ever needed the prev- alence of that spirit and virtue in which they originated in a greater degree, in order to the full development and perpetuity of our free and excellent institutions. To the prosperity of a Republic, Patriotism is indispensable. In the history of the heroes and statemen of the American Revolution, a rich inheri- tance is bequeathed to their children, and the example which they set of willingly jeoparding their lives and their all for the disenthralment and the honor of their country, while it is prop- erly appreciated, and faithfully imitated, by their posterity, can not fail to elicit such displays of this principle as will be ade- quate to her future emergencies. There is much danger, how- ever, that the sterner and loftier virtues, which were rocked and matured in the storms in which our country had her birth and has arisen, even in the days of her youth, to a high point of dis- tinction among the nations of the earth, will be weakened or de- stroyed, by those luxurious habits which are the offspring of " abused prosperity, by the predominance of a sectional, selfish spirit, by sacrificing sound principles and national interests at the shrine of party", and especially by a neglect or disregard of our holy Religion,. which, as it is as essential to all genuine

patriotism, in the highest and beat sense of the terms, as a spring to a stream, or a cause to an effect, was the animating motive to those grand displays of character which were afforded to the world by our patriotic revolutionary ancestors.

In "The Patriot's Catechism," a just view of this subject is ex- hibited. Christianity has her own place. She redeems the man, and thus makes him a public benefactor. Integrity and philan- thropy being produced by her influence in the soul, they are ex- tended to family, to neighborhood, to state, to country, to the word, by seeking the good of all, and the injury of none, in the fear cf God. It is no longer a pagan, or an infidel animal attach- ment to soil, or clime, or caste, or clan, combined with a malignant and hostile spirit toward the interests of others : which might now manifest itself in ostentatious loyalty, and daring exploits, and now in heartless treason or rebellion, and bold but treach- erous adventures, and now in aggressive attacks upon feeble or friendly states or empires, even to the violation of plighted faith, according as self might be promoted, or the balance of faction might seem to vibrate ; as among uncivilized or despotic nations, and in revolutionary France. But it is a high and a pure prin- ciple, impulse, and determination, to promote, at all hazards, the happiness of ourselves and our fellow-creatures; by discharging, to the fullest extent of our abilities, in adaptation to every exi- gency that may arise, while abiding upon the rock, and regula- ted by the rule of sound principle in our respective places and relations, our duty at home, to our country, assigned as the more immediate theatre of our operations, in the establishment and sustentation of righteous, civil, and social order ; — and all to the glory of Messiah, the Supreme Ruler of the world.

The catechetical mode of conveying instruction possesses ad- vantages which will be appreciated by men of intelligence and candor, without the aid of eulogy : they speak for themselves. It is a natural, ancient, familiar, dignified, sprightly, pointed, and effective method of imparting and receiving knowledge. It is alike adapted to the youth and the aged, the ignorant and the intelligent, the unlearned and the man of erudition and ioien-

tific acquisitions ; and to every branch of oral or written in- struction. Our first and most important lessons are, indeed, chiefly thus received, and our elementary books are more fre- quently in the form of question and answer ; but it is a form successfully adopted in the teaching of the exact sciences, of chymistry, philosophy, astronomy, and of Christian theology. This little volume is enhanced in its value by being in the form of a catechism.

This catechism is needed in our country, and its appearance at the present time is highly seasonable. Our citizens require to be indoctrinated in the subject, and imbued with the spirit of true patriotism. If just views upon this topic are deficient or wanting, and are not carried out in the reciprocal relations and operations of the rulers and the ruled, in our hitherto happy country, the very excellence of our institutions is a source of fearful danger to liberty and to man. The inestimable privilege of the elective franchise enjoyed by our citizens invests them with a power unknown among the populace of other ages and nations, which can only be safely wielded by the hands of intel- ligence and virtue. Their legitimate importance, as the ulti- mate residuaries of power, under God, secures for them the re- spectful attention and the good offices of those who aspire to stations of political eminence and trust ; and all require to be upon their guard against the growth of the pestiferous principles, and the application of the seductive arts, of the demagogue. They need early and wholesome instruction in reference to their rights and their duties, both as magistrates and as private citizens. How desirable that the minds of our youth should be timeously cast in the mould of Christian Patriotism, that, when they come to be actors upon the public stage, they may instinctively spurn the very idea of either giving or receiving the offices of their country by the adoption of ignoble means, or without recogni- sing, sustaining, and honoring, a high standard of intellectual and moral character as that by which they are to be undeviatingly regulated in all their political deliberations and movements : and that they may not abuse the honorable stations to which they may be elevated, nor omit, in the walks of private life, to honor

the offices which they have themselves established in the persons of their incumbents, by their own voluntary choice. Then office- hunting would cease to be the trade of an unscrupulous ambi- tion— calumny would skulk away into her own appropriate ob- scurity— the ballot-box would be the safeguard of liberty and rectitude — and the representatives of such a people would be worthy of the posts which they might be called to occupy in a distinguished Christian nation. In order to this, Patriotism should be taught, as an important department of political and moral science, in the seminaries of our land : and I cherish the hope that our common schools, with others, will ere long adopt " The Patriot's Catechism" as one of their books of elementary in- struction.

The execution of the work itself, however, and the high char- acter of the gentlemen who recommend it to the notice and pa- tronage of the public, preclude the necessity of detaining the reader any longer from its perusal. It is calculated, I think, to meet with a cordial reception from an enlightened community, and to confer a lasting benefit upon our beloved country.

WILLIAM WILSON.

New York, 28th December, 1842.

TABLE OF CONTENTS,

PART I.

CHAP. I. The nature of Patriotism.

CHAP. II. Circumstances favorable to the production and growth of Patriotism among a people.

CHAP. III. What constitutes a true patriot, as contradistin- guished from the mere demagogue.

CHAP. IV. The objects to which the true patriot will devote his exertions, and the sacrifices he will make for his country.

CHAP. V. The incentives which American citizens have, from their past history, and their present position among the nations of the earth, t© cherish and develop .an enlightened and lofty patriotism.

CHAP. VJ. The dangers which threaten the integrity, if not the existence, of true Patriotism in our country at the present day.

CHAP. VII. The improvement to be made of the foregoing views of true Patriotism.

PART II.

CHAP. I. On the origin of civil government, and on that of

the United States. CHAP. II. On the nature and ends of government. CHAP. III. On the support which Christianity renders to civil

government. CHAP. IV. On the duties of Rulers. CHAP. V, On the duties of Ruled.

CHAPTER I THE NATURE OF PATRIOTISM*

Question. What ig patriotism?

Answer. Patriotism is a pure and fervent love of our country, its inhabitants, institutions, and inter- ests— regulated in its exercise and manifestations by the law of God, and having, for its supreme object, the promotion of his glory, and the welfare and happiness of our fellow-citizens.

Q. Is love of country and its institutions nat- ural to man?

A. It is as natural to man to love his country as it is to love those who are endeared to him by his earliest, his most pleasing, and most permanent as- sociations ; and it is scarcely possible for him, at a more advanced period of life, to behold the house, the field, the rocks, the woods, " that met his ear- liest view,7' without experiencing the freshness of new existence from the vivid reflection of his former self.

Q. To what influence may be chiefly ascribed the desire which all who have been called to re- side in foreign climes, feel sometime to revisit their native land?

A. To the influence which, in consequence of the principle of association, such objects and scenes have on the human mind; and although the scenes themselves may have little beauty or few charms in them, yet the delight with which we remember the traces of our past lives, blends itself

8

insensibly With the £m6tioll§ which the scenery awakens ; and the admiration which the remem- brance affords seems to give a kind of sacredness to the place where we drew our first breath, and spent our earliest years.

Q. Do these facts show that love of country is a principle in man's nature ?

^4. They do ; and the man who does not love his country, if there is such a man, acts in opposition to a principle inherent in human nature : and never does man, till the heart is lost to virtuous feeling, be- come indifferent to the land which gave him birth, or forsake its shores without regret and emotion.

Q. Can this pure and fervent attachment to country be exercised in consistency with a due re- gard to the rights of all mankind?

A. This regard to our country can certainly be cherished compatibly with the claims of all men to our sympathy and benevolence : and that man gives the best proofs of his benevolent feelings to- ward mankind who faithfully and zealously dis- charges the duties connected with the sphere in which he moves.

Q. Can it be alleged that Christianity gives no countenance to the virtue of patriotism?

A. It gives direct countenance, both by example and by precept. Did not its Divine founder ex- emplify this virtue by coming first to his own : in the meekness and patience with which, notwith- standing their contempt and opposition, he perse- vered in going about to do them good ; in the grief with which he wept over the impending destruc- tion of Jerusalem ; and in the commission which he gave his apostles to make the first offer of sal- vation to the inhabitants of that devoted city?

Q. Is Hot the whole genius of Christianity fa- vorable to a patriotic spirit, and productive of so- cial virtue?

A. Assuredly it is : and if it lead all who sin- cerely embrace it to the practice of a pure and elevated morality in private, there can be no doubt of its tendency to cherish the kindlier feelings of the heart, and of its inclining them to do good as they have opportunity.

Q. What well-merited compliment does an avowed enemy to Christianity* pay to it when speaking on this subject ?

A. He says that " to certain individuals who were deeply imbued with the spirit of Christianity, and who were animated by views, large, generous, and noble, the nation owes its liberty ;" and, it may be added, perhaps its industry, its commerce, and naval power.

Q. Has Christianity had her patriots ?

A. In every age she has had, under her banner, men of noble heroism, who endeavored to exalt their country — not in the subjugation and distres- ses of neighboring nations, but by gloriously seek- ing to promote the happiness of their own — men who submitted to all the privations and sufferings that tyranny could inflict, that they might leave to their children the blessings of liberty — the inheri- tance of free principles, and the example of a manly, independent, and constitutional defence of them.

Q. What were the defects in the patriotism of the ancient Greeks and Romans ?

A. With them it was an all-absorbing principle, leading, not merely to a total disregard to private

#Hume.

io

interest, but to the immutable claims of justice and humanity : their wars were undertaken from ambition, and conducted without regard to justice ; they treated all other nations with cruelty and bar- barity ; and, in destroying the liberties of others, they appeared to be actuated more by a spirit of oppressing mankind at large than of exercising that humanity which is the fruit of benevolence, and therefore they could not be patriots, in the proper acceptation of the term.

Q. Is there anything in the systems of religion connected with heathenism that could suggest to the mind the model of a pure and elevated patriotism ?

A. Nothing; and far less was there anything in it that could cherish the kindly and generous af- fections of human nature : its patriotism had little regard to the rights of any other nation but its own ; and it is to the benign influence of Chris- tianity that men have been taught, not merely to do the things that are just, but to do the things that are generous, disinterested, and truly noble.

Q. Can it be shown that patriotism is a duty ?

-4. If it can be shown to be the will of our Crea- tor, that our benevolence should first and chiefly be expressed to those in our vicinity, to those who are connected with us in a family relation, and by the ties of kindred, and as living under the same government, then patriotism, as a duty, binding upon all, is clearly established.

Q. Should not the dictate of true patriotism be the same as that of genuine disinterested bene- volence ?

A. It should ; and that dictate is to do the great- est good possible, and every man must begin at

ii

home, with the members of his own family, with the poor, the ignorant, the wretched in his vicinity, with his kindred, and his country; — for he who merely sighs over the thraldom and misery of dis- tant nations, and neglects the wants of those within his reach, is merely wasting his benevo- lence, if benevolence it can be called, on those whom he can not benefit, and leaving unoccupied the important, sphere of duty and of usefulness in which Providence invites him to move.

Q. Is it necessary, while we endeavor to perform acts of kindness to our neighbor, that we neglect the management of our own affairs ?

A. By no means : to make exertions for our own benefit : to take care of ourselves : each man to mind his own business: do it well, and gossip as little as possible, is no small part of good citizen- ship : and it should be considered, by all sensible persons, as very ungenteel to live an idle and use- less life.

Qj^ And who is the best friend to his country, and the world?

A. The man who diffuses the greatest amount of happiness — who mitigates the most distress wiihin his own circle : and were all men to set about the performance of such godlike objects, nothing more would be necessary to make the greatest part of the wretchedness that is in the world disappear in at moment.

12

CHAPTER II,

CIRCUMSTANCES FAVORABLE TO THE PRODUC- TION AND GROWTH OF PATRIOTISM AMONG A PEOPLE.

Question. Does the character of individuals de- pend much upon their early training, and the cir- cumstances in which they have been placed?

Answer. It does : indeed every situation of life serves for the formation of character.

Q. Is the formation of national, like that of in- dividual character, dependant upon a variety of causes ?

A. It is ; and the formation is, in a great meas- ure, carried on by the reaction of its own effects, and is generally, if not always, moulded more by the consequences of its own early development, than by any separate and extrinsic bias.

Q. Is it easy to trace that system of influences in which the genius and peculiarities of the na- tional character of a people originated ?

A. It is scarcely possible to "distribute with mi- nute accuracy the causes and the effects, the action and the reaction, which go to form the character of a people.

Q. Name some circumstances favorable to the production and growth of patriotism among a people.

A. Ancestry, or the character of the early set- tlers of a country; love of liberty; religion; edu- cation ; hardships ; position on the globe ; the qual- ities of climate and soil, &c.

13

Q. Does the history of the human family show that peculiarities of national character may be traced in a great degree to that of the early set- tlers?

A. It does ; and the question may be answered by referring to the history of the three great streams of migration by which the world seems to have been repeopled after the deluge. The descendants of Shem, who colonized the east and south of Asia, seem to have possessed a prone, simple, submissive spirit, susceptible, without much difficulty, of civ- ilization up to a certain point, but easily duped by artifice, or prostrated 